Thank you very much. I had a very good telephone conversation -- extremely good -- with Senator Schumer a little while ago. We're working on various elements of the deal, and the Democrats are very much wanting something to happen, and the Republicans, likewise, are very much wanting something to happen. And I think it will. I spoke with -- at length with Mitch McConnell. And there's tremendous spirit to get something done, so we'll see what happens. But my conversation was very good with Senator Schumer. I thank you all for joining us, and I'd like to begin by providing an update on what we are doing to minimize the impact of the Chinese virus on our nation's students. With many schools closed due to the virus, the Department of Education will not enforce standardized testing requirements, very importantly, for students in elementary through high school for the current year. They've been through a lot. They've been going back and forth; schools open, schools not open. It's been all standardized testing. And, you know, it's -- we're not going to be enforcing that, so I think you can let people know. I think probably a lot of the students will be extremely happy; some probably not. The ones that work hard, maybe not. But it's one of those things. Unfortunate -- very unfortunate circumstance. We've also temporarily waived all interest on federally held student loans. They'll be very happy to hear that. And I've instructed them to take that action immediately. And today, Secretary DeVos has directed federal lenders to allow borrowers to suspend their student loans and loan payments without penalty for at least the next 60 days. And if we need more, we'll extend that period of time. Borrowers should contact their lenders, but we've given them very strong instructions. So we've temporarily waived all interest on federally held student loans. That's a big thing. That's going to make a lot of students very happy. And we have more to come on student loans -- more good news for the students -- but we'll do that at a different time. This morning, the Treasury Department also announced that we're moving Tax Day from April 15 to July 15. So we're moving it out to July 15th so that people will have time and people will be able to -- hopefully, by that time, we'll have people getting back to their lives. Families and businesses will have this extra time to file with no interest or penalties. We're getting rid of interest and penalties. However, if you have refunds or credits you would like to claim, you may still file. In other words, you can file early if you are owed money by the IRS. Other than that, we're moving it all the way out to July 15th -- no interest, no penalties. Your new date will be July 15. Today, our team will also provide an update on our continuing effort to prevent the transmission of virus across America's borders. And I watched what's been happening in California with Governor Newsom and, this morning, with Governor Cuomo, and I applaud them. They're taking very strong, bold steps, and I applaud them. And we're all working together. We're working very closely together, including those two governors. But I would say, based on the call -- the media was there -- I think we can say that, with respect to virtually every governor on that call, I think every governor -- we had almost all of them, if not all of them -- and I would say that you could see for yourselves that the level of respect and esprit de corps working together was extraordinary. There was nobody angry, nobody upset. We're able to help them, and that's what we're all about. We want to help. We're doing things that a lot of people wouldn't be able to do. But the relationship with governors and states is, I think, very extraordinary, especially under the circumstances where this just came upon us. We're working with Canada and Mexico to prevent the spread of the virus across North America, very closely. You heard what we did yesterday with Canada. And Secretary of State Pompeo will be making a statement in a little while having to do with Mexico and the border. And Chad likewise -- Chad Wolf will likewise be making a statement. This is a joint comprehensive effort in collaboration with our neighbors. The measure and all of those measures that we're putting in place will protect the health of all three nations and reduce the incentive for a mass global migration that would badly deplete the healthcare resources needed for our people. And so we are working very closely with Mexico, very, very closely with Canada. The relationship has never been better. We're all working for the same -- toward the same goal. Our nation's top healthcare officials are extremely concerned about the grave public health consequences of mass uncontrolled cross-border movement. And that would be mostly -- and even beyond -- but mostly during this global pandemic. Every week, our border agents encounter thousands of unscreened, unvetted, and unauthorized entries from dozens of countries. And we've had this problem for decades. For decades. You know the story. But now it's -- with the national emergencies and all of the other things that we've declared, we can actually do something about it. We're taking a very strong hold of that. And we have before, but this is now at a level that nobody has ever approached. In normal times, these massive flows place a vast burden on our healthcare system, but during a global pandemic, they threaten to create a perfect storm that would spread the infection to our border agents, migrants, and to the public at large. Left unchecked, this would cripple our immigration system, overwhelm our healthcare system, and severely damage our national security. We're not going to let that happen. So we have a lot of information, and they'll be discussing that in a moment. To confront these public health degrees [Dangers], the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has decided to exercise its authority under the Title 42 of the U.S. Code to give Customs and Border Protection the tools it needs to prevent the transmission of the virus coming through both the northern and the southern border. So we're treating the borders equally -- the northern border and the southern border. It's being treated -- they're both being treated equally. A lot of people say that they're not treated equally. Well, they are. As we did with Canada, we're also working with Mexico to implement new rules at our ports of entry to suspend non-essential travel. These new rules and procedures will not impede lawful trade and commerce. Furthermore, Mexico is taking action to secure our own southern border and suspend air travel from Europe. So we're coordinating very closely the air travel going to Mexico and then trying to come into the United States. The actions we're taking together with our North American partners will save countless lives. At the conclusion of my remarks, Secretary Azar, Secretary Pompeo, Secretary Wolf -- we're going to be also taking some questions with Tony and Deborah, who you've gotten to know very well -- but they'll be discussing certain things, and I think you'll find them of great interest. We're going to be providing tremendous amounts of detail over the coming days, but a lot of it will be provided right now if you'd like to find out about it. This has been a week of resolute action, tremendous action. Tremendous relationships have developed with people that, frankly, didn't get along. People that didn't like each other, they're now working together and maybe, even in some cases, learning about each other and liking each other. It's a nice thing. I invoked the Defense Production Act, and last night, we put it into gear. We moved the National Response Coordination Center to the highest level of activist [Sic]. I mean, if you -- if you take a look at what we did, the level of activation has been increased to a grade one level, which is the highest level. We're providing historic support to small businesses and to the states. The states need support. Normally they do this themselves, but because of the magnitude of it, the federal government has gotten very much involved in terms of getting the equipment they need. So we're helping them. It's -- it's a responsibility they have, but we are helping the states a lot. That's why the governors, I think in every case, have been impressed and very nice. We enacted legislation guaranteeing paid sick leave for workers at no cost to employers. And I think it's very important. So they get paid sick leave at no cost to employers. We're accelerating the use of new drug treatments. We're advancing legislation to give direct payments to hardworking families. Throughout our country, Americans from all walks of life are rallying together to defeat the unseen enemy striking our nation. In times of struggle, we see the true greatness of the American character, and we are seeing that. A lot of people are talking about it. We're at 141 countries, from what they're telling me, and some of those countries are really working in a unified manner. And they're working very unified with us, almost -- I could say a good -- a good number of them. Doctors and nurses are working nonstop to heal the sick. Citizens and churches are delivering meals to the needy. Truckers are making the long haul to keep shelves stocked. We've been dealing with the big stores and the big chains, Walmart -- they've been fantastic -- and others. They've all been fantastic. We've made it much easier for them to stock. In terms of travel and travel restrictions, we're lifting restrictions so they can get their trucks on time. You're seeing very few empty shelves, and yet the amount of volume that they are doing is unprecedented because people want to have what they have to have, what they feel they have to have. And they're also buying in slightly smaller quantities, which is good -- because we're not going anywhere. We're going to be here. So I want to thank all of those very great companies for working so well. Americans from every walk of life are coming together. And thanks to the spirit of our people, we will win this war, and we are. We're winning and we're going to win this war. America will triumph and America will rise higher than ever before. We'll be stronger than ever before, and we've learned a lot. We've learned a lot. We've learned a lot about relying on other countries, and I can say that I think in both a very good and a very bad way. Some good things came out of it and some not so good things came out of it. So I'd like to move now to invite our team to provide information on the new measures to prevent viral spread at our borders. And I'll start by asking Secretary of State Pompeo to speak. He's doing a fantastic job. And like everyone else, he's been working very, very long and very, very hard. And he's doing the other more normal jobs of a great Secretary of State, but he got -- he got tied into this like everybody else, and he's been really doing a fantastic job. Mike, please. Those include reducing risk to America from Afghanistan, holding the Iranian regime accountable for its malign activity. And our counterterrorism efforts against ISIS remain a priority for our team. Our number one priority across those mission sets remains the protection of the American people. The President and our team are very focused on it. I'll take this moment, too, to thank my team, the State Department team, who is working long hours all around the world to take care of Americans who are stuck at places around the world. Under the President's leadership this week, we've taken two important steps. First, as President Trump announced on Wednesday, the United States and Canada jointly agreed to restrict all non-essential traffic across our border. This decision goes into effect tonight at midnight. The restrictions will be reviewed after 30 days, and they exclude traffic and movement across the border for work or other essential reasons. Here, too, the United States is glad to have a friend who is working side by side us in the fight. Secretary Wolf will talk a little bit more about the details of how we're working alongside our partner in Mexico to keep our southern border safe and secure as well. On another note, yesterday the State Department issued a Level 4 global travel advisory. If you choose to travel internationally, your travel plans may well be severely disrupted. And finally, I want to talk about the disinformation that people are seeing both on Twitter and around the world -- some of it coming from government, some of it coming from other individuals. I just urge everyone, as they're seeing information -- information that at one time suggested somehow this virus emanated from the United States Army, this information about lockdowns that are taking place: Every American indeed, and people all around the world, should ensure that where they turn to for information is a reliable source and not a bad actor trying to create and flow information that they know is wrong. Thank you. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much. And we'll take questions right after this. Chad Wolf, please. This has been an immense undertaking but one that the men and women of DHS have successfully accomplished. Today's announcement is yet another example of the extraordinary steps the administration is taking to ensure the safety of the American public. Before I comment on the CDC order that I'm sure Secretary Azar will later elaborate on, let me first address the progress as Secretary Pompeo and others have made with our Canadian and Mexican partners regarding cross-border travel. And again, as the President said earlier this week and Secretary Pompeo, we've reached an agreement -- an agreement with both Canada and Mexico to limit non-essential travel across our land borders. Let me be clear that neither of these agreements with Canada or Mexico applies to lawful trade or commerce. As the Secretary said, the agreements with both Canada and Mexico will go into effect on Saturday, March 21st. Furthermore, we're also working collaboratively with Canada and Mexico to take decisive joint action regarding individuals seeking entry between our ports of entry. The CDC order directs the Department to suspend the introduction of all individuals seeking to enter the U.S. without proper travel documentation. Many of these individuals arrive with little or no identity, travel, or medical documentation, making public health risk determinations all but impossible. It's also important to note that the outbreak on our southern border would likely increase the strain on health systems in our border communities, taking away important and lifesaving resources from American citizens. Before I conclude, let me just wrap up by thanking the brave men and women of DHS, specifically CBP, and across the government for the work that they do day in and day out to keep the American people safe from the coronavirus. The Department has a number of frontline officers that have been -- have tested positive, as well as the others who are self-quarantining. Thank you very much, Chad. Really good. Thank you. Please, Secretary? Then, over time, as the outbreak evolved, the President restricted travel from China, Iran, and Europe. Our health experts say that these measures have been truly effective at slowing the virus's spread to our shores. Just think about this: Italy and the United States both saw their first travel-related case of coronavirus around the exact same time, the last week of January. This order applies to persons coming from Mexico and Canada who are seeking to enter the country illegally and who would normally be held in a congregate setting like a Customs and Border Protection station. It does not apply to U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents. During this pandemic, a number of health challenges arise when illegal immigrants arrive at our northern and southern borders and are taken into immigration custody. When held at border facilities, these migrants risk spreading the virus to other migrants, to CBP agents and border healthcare workers, and even the United States population as a whole. In such circumstances, the kind of social distancing measures the CDC and the President have recommended are simply not possible. Thank you, Mr. President, for the work that you've been doing throughout this crisis to slow the spread of the coronavirus and to keep our country safe. Thank you very much. Thank you. If I could ask Tony or Deb, please. And, frankly, from Italy, we're seeing another concerning trend: that the mortality in males seems to be twice in every age group of females. This should alert all of us to continue our vigilance to protect our Americans that are in nursing homes. This requires all of the community. And when you see the sacrifices that many Americans have made -- the sacrifices that the service industry has made to close their restaurants, close their bars, and so that the spread is discontinued -- and then you really understand how all of Americans must make the same sacrifice. And I know you will also protect them in the same way. There just is not enough numbers at this time to really tell them if they're at additional risk or not in the same way that adults are. I don't have any new data. I can see the look on your face as saying, "Is she seeing something new?" I don't have any new data, but I think it's important for us to be as honest with the American people as we can. You just happen to have a better immune system and the ability to fight the virus in a way that maybe older people or people with existing medical conditions can't. And that's why it's very important at this moment, that all of you carry that message about the sacrifices that many have made, particularly our service providers and our frontline healthcare workers. Thank you very much. Tony, please. Now we have the northern and southern border issues. There's a fundamental public health reason for doing that, because we cannot be preventing people from coming in from one area when they can actually go into the other. So that's an important reason. Understand that there's a public health reason for doing that. You know them; we've been over them. Yet there are places, regions, states, cities in this country that are being stressed much, much more than the country as a whole. Clearly, one of them was Washington; another one was California. Governor Newsom made some very important, difficult decisions. Today, Governor Cuomo did the same thing. It's very important. Thank you. Thank you, Tony. Mike? And I know I can speak on behalf of the President with confidence when I say how inspired we are by the way the American people and American businesses are coming together to help defeat this virus in our country. Millions of Americans are putting into practice the President's 15-day guidelines, and we encourage everyone, even those that are not in areas with significant outbreak, to review these guidelines over the next week and more, and put them into practice. As the President mentioned yesterday, following his decision to put FEMA in the lead -- the emergency declaration -- we actually met with all the nation's governors from the FEMA National Response Coordination Center. The President and I, our entire team at the federal level, couldn't be more grateful for the efforts of all of our governors in implementing the guidance that is being issued not only from our task force, but also in taking strong measures in their own communities to protect their citizens. We have received a report today, as the President mentioned, on our legislative team on Capitol Hill. We're working with Republicans and Democrats at this very hour to pass an economic recovery package that the President described. And we hope to see the Congress act on that early next week. On the subject of supplies, we continue to make steady progress on testing. On the subject of medical supplies, we continue, at the President's direction, to pursue every means to expand the supply of personal protective equipment for the extraordinary and courageous healthcare workers that are ministering to the needs of people impacted by the coronavirus. We have a policy of procuring, allocating, as well as conserving the resources that we have in our system. We're also encouraged that we're finding new alternatives to increase the supply of ventilators. We've mentioned that we have a federal stockpile, some 20,000 ventilators on standby, but that doesn't count the tens of thousands of ventilators that are in our healthcare system around the country. But the President has challenged us to work to free up other ventilators from other sources around the country. This will free up bed space, free up hospital capacity for people that are struggling with the coronavirus, and it will also free up equipment that our healthcare workers need. It is inspiring that we continue to receive reports that businesses around America are donating N95 masks to their local hospitals. And the greatness of the American character is shining forth. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much. Okay, thank you. Go ahead. Kaitlan. It is. I did it yesterday. We invoked it, I think, the day before we signed it -- the evening of the day before -- and invoked it yesterday. We have a lot of people working very hard to do ventilators and various other things. Yes. We are using it. We are. We are. For certain things that we need, including -- including some of the very important emergency -- I would say ventilators, probably more masks, to a large extent. We have millions of masks, which are coming and which will be distributed to the states. The states are having a hard time getting them. So we're using the act. The act is very good for things like this. We have millions of masks that we've ordered. They will be here soon. We're having them shipped directly to states. Yeah. Last -- We -- we need -- no, it's no different, other than we need certain equipment that the states are unable to get by themselves. So we're invoking it to use the powers of the federal government to help the states get things that they need, like the masks, like the ventilators. Yeah, Steve. I don't think so. Essentially, you've done that in California, you've done that in New York. Those are really two hotbeds. Those are probably the two hottest of them all, in terms of hotspots. I don't think so, because you go out to the Midwest, you go out to other locations and they're watching it on television but they don't have the same problems. They don't have, by any means, the same problem. New York, California, Miami -- the governor is doing an excellent job. Governor DeSantis in Florida. We have some pretty hot spots in Florida too. But we're generally -- and the State of Washington, of course, but that was largely -- if you look at it, it was one nursing home that had problems like you wouldn't believe. So, no, we're working with the governors and I don't think you'll -- I don't think we'll ever find that necessary. I am happy. I am happy with it. We'll have to see what the results are at the end of 14 days, let's say. We'll know by the 15th day to see what we do. But I'm certainly honored by the way the American people are working -- because it's work. It's work not to work. This is the first this has ever happened. And we're working out a tremendous financial package for them so they don't work. Whoever heard of this? Usually, you work out a financial package to get people working. We're asking people not to work. Social distancing -- a new terms that's become probably the hottest term there is. So, no, I'm very honored by the way the American people are taking this, I mean, so seriously. Yes, John. Well, I think that really all of that is being discussed right now. And we talked about, as an example, buyback -- stock buybacks. I don't want to have stock buybacks. I don't want people spending -- I don't want some executives saying, "We're going to buy 200,000 shares of stock." I want that money to be used for the workers, and also for the company -- to keep the company going. But not for buybacks. I would -- I mean, I haven't spoken to a lot of the Republicans or Democrats on it. We discussed it. And I -- I don't like buybacks. I didn't like them the first time. So we're discussing -- we're discussing that and we're discussing many things. We're not so far away, I'll tell you. We're not very -- we're not very far away. No. The answer is no. And the evidence that you're talking about, John, is anecdotal evidence. So as the Commissioner of FDA and the President mentioned yesterday, we're trying to strike a balance between making something with a potential of an effect to the American people available, at the same time that we do it under the auspices of a protocol that would give us information to determine if it's truly safe and truly effective. I think, without saying too much, I'm probably more of a fan of that than -- maybe than anybody. But I'm a big fan, and we'll see what happens. And we all understand what the doctor said is 100 percent correct. It's early. But we've -- you know, I've seen things that are impressive. And we'll see. We're going to know soon. We're going to know soon -- including safety. But, you know, when you get to safety, this has been prescribed for many years for people to combat malaria, which was a big problem. And it's very effective. It's a strong -- it's a strong drug. So we'll see. It was a very -- it was, as I understand that. Is that a correct statement -- it was fairly effective on SARS? But was there anything to compare it to? Mr. President, about the possible therapies yesterday, Mr. President, you said that they were for, quote, "immediate delivery." Immediate. We heard it from doc- -- Yeah, well, we were ordering -- yes, we have millions of units ordered. Bayer is one of the companies, as you know. A big company. A very big, very great company. Millions of units are ordered, and we're going to see what happens. We're going to be talking to the governors about it, and the FDA is working on it right now. The advantage is that it has been prescribed for a totally different problem, but it has been described [Sic] for many years, and everybody knows the levels of -- the negatives and the positives. But I will say that I am a man that comes from a very positive school when it comes to, in particular, one of these drugs. And we'll see how it works out, Peter. I'm not -- I'm not saying it will, but I think that people may be surprised. By the way, that would be a game changer. But we're going to know very soon. But -- but we have ordered millions of units. It's being ordered from Bayer, and there is another couple of companies also that do it. Well, you know, I think we only disagree a little bit. I disagree. Maybe and maybe not. Maybe there is, maybe there isn't. We have to see. We're going to know. We're going to know soon. No, I don't think so. No. No, I don't think so. I think that -- I think it's gotten -- Such a lovely question. Look, it may work and it may not work. And I agree with the doctor, what he said: It may work, it may not work. I feel good about it. That's all it is. Just a feeling. You know, I'm a smart guy. I feel good about it. And we're going to see. You're going to see soon enough. And we have certainly some very big samples of people, if you look at the people. You have a lot of people that are in big trouble. And this is not a drug that -- obviously, I think I can speak for a lot of -- from a lot of experience, because it's been out there for over 20 years. So it's not a drug that you have a huge amount of danger with. It's not like a brand-new drug that's been just created that may have an unbelievable monumental effect, like kill you. We're going know very soon. And I can tell you the FDA is working very hard to get it out. Right now, in terms of malaria, if you wanted, you can have a prescription. You get a prescription. And by the way -- and it's very effective. It works. I have a feeling you may -- and I'm not being overly optimistic or pessimistic. I sure as hell think we ought to give it a try. I mean, there's been some interesting things happened and some good -- very good things. Let's see what happens. We have nothing to lose. You know the expression: What the hell do you have to lose? Okay? Jon, go ahead. I say that you're a terrible reporter. That's what I say. Go ahead. I think it's a very nasty question, and I think it's a very bad signal that you're putting out to the American people. The American people are looking for answers and they're looking for hope. And you're doing sensationalism, and the same with NBC and "Con-cast." I don't call it -- I don't call it "Comcast," I call it "Con-cast." Let me just -- for who you work -- let me just tell you something: That's really bad reporting, and you ought to get back to reporting instead of sensationalism. Let's see if it works. It might and it might not. I happen to feel good about it, but who knows. I've been right a lot. Let's see what happens. John? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. We are going to -- as I understand it, we are going to be taking samples in New York. Governor Cuomo very much is interested in this drug. And they are going to work on it also, after they get a certain approval. We're waiting for one final approval from the FDA. We'll see what happens. But we'll use it on people that are not doing great, or even at the beginning of not feeling well. And, John, what do we have to lose? Wait, John -- it's been out there for so long. We hear good things. Let's see. Maybe it works and maybe it doesn't. We're doing that, I guess. And that's --that's what it's called. Yes. No, there really isn't that much of a difference in many respects with what we're saying. The President feels optimistic about something -- his feeling about it. What I'm saying is that it might -- it might be effective. I'm not saying that it isn't. It might be effective. But as a scientist, as we're getting it out there, we need to do it in a way as -- while we are making it available for people who might want the hope that it might work, you're also collecting data that will ultimately show that it is truly effective and safe under the conditions of COVID-19. So there really isn't difference. Is there any reason to believe it's not safe? So it really is a question of not a lot of difference. It's the hope that it will work versus proving that it will work. So I don't see big differences here. I agree. I agree. Okay. Here we go. Go ahead. Let's go. My message to the American people is that there is a very low incidence of death. You understand that. And we're going to come through this stronger than ever before. If you get it, if you happen to get it, it is highly unlikely. It's looking like it's getting to a number that's much smaller than people originally thought, in terms of the ultimate -- the ultimate problem, which would be death. My message to the American people is, number one, you've done an incredible job. Incredible. What you've gone through -- it's been incredible. It wasn't their fault. It wasn't their fault. It wasn't the fault of 140 other countries where this has happened. And there is tremendous hope. And I think we're going to come out stronger, better, bigger, in every way. I think we're going to be a better country than we were before. And we learned a lot. We learned on reliance -- who to rely on, who not to rely on. But our country -- our country has been incredible, the way they pulled together -- including the fact that I just spoke to Senator Schumer. We had a wonderful conversation. We both want to get to a good solution. But it's been, really, for me -- watching and seeing people, that weren't speaking, getting along well because we all have one common aim, and that's to get rid of this invisible enemy, get rid of it fast, and then go back to the kind of economy that we had, and maybe even better. Yeah, please, in the back. No, in the back, please. We're going to be helping them a lot. We're going to be focused -- a big focus on -- including my conversation with both Mitch and with Chuck -- a big focus of that conversation with small businesses, because they are really the engine behind our country, more so than the big ones. They are the engine behind our country. I'm not aware of it. I saw some names. I'm not -- I know all of them. I know everyone mentioned -- Dianne Feinstein, I guess, and a couple of others. I don't know too much about what it's about. But I find them to all be very honorable people. That's all I know. And they -- and they said they did nothing wrong. I find them -- the whole group -- very honorable people. Yeah, please. Well, it also includes Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat. You didn't mention her name. Why didn't you mention her name? And I think she's a very honorable person, by the way, so I'm not saying -- but, you know, it's interesting that -- -- you mentioned two people but you don't mention one that happens to be a Democrat. I don't know, because I'd have to look at it. Possibly. But I find them to be honorable people. Yeah. I do, because I think Peter is -- you know, I've dealt with Peter for a long time. And I think Peter is not a good journalist when it comes to fairness. Oh, I think it's a good message because I think the country has to understand that there is indeed, whether we like it or not -- and some of the people in this room won't like it -- there's a lot of really great news and great journalism, and there's a lot of fake news out there. And I hear it all and I see it all, and I understand it all because I'm in the midst of it. So when somebody writes a story or does a story on television and I know it's false, I know it's fake, and when they say they have, "15 sources have said" and I know there's no sources. There's no sources; they're just making it up. I know that and I call Peter -- I call Peter out but I call other people out too. And, you know, this is a time to come together, but coming together is much harder when we have dishonest journalists. It's a very important profession that you're in. It's a profession that I think is incredible. I cherish it. But when people are dishonest, they truly do hurt our country. Yeah, in the back. Please, go ahead. Right. That's true. That's true. Well, I have to say this: We have -- and I can speak for myself, but I have a very good relationship with China and with President Xi. I have great respect for President Xi. I consider him to be a friend of mine. It's unfortunate that this got out of control. It came from China. It got out of control. Some people are upset. I know -- I know President Xi. He loves China. He respects the United States. And I have to say, I respect China greatly and I respect President Xi. Okay? Please. No, but I never liked stock buybacks from their standpoint. When we did a big tax cut, and when they took the money and did buybacks, that's not building a hangar, that's not buying aircraft, that's not doing the kind of things that I want them to do. And we're now talking about buybacks. We didn't think we would have had to restrict it because we thought they would have known better. But they didn't know better, in some cases -- not in all cases, obviously; some people did an incredible job. They built plants all over the country. I mean, you see what's happened. I mean, we were doing -- until this invisible enemy appeared, we were -- I mean, we never had an economy like this. But there were some companies that used that money to buy back stock, driving up the price of the stock artificially, in many cases. I don't like that. I don't like it. And as far as whether or not we'll have that, allow them -- when we give them money -- because we have to keep these great companies in business because of the workers; frankly, for the most part, because of the workers. The workers are my number one concern. But the way we take care of the workers is we have to keep the companies going. I am fine with restricting buybacks. In fact, I would -- I would demand that there be no stock buybacks. I don't want them taking hundreds of millions of dollars and buying back their stock, because that does nothing. Yeah. Please. Yeah. Sure. And one thing: Secretary of State Pompeo is extremely busy, so if you have any question for him right now, could you do that? Because -- you know what I'd like to do? I'd like him to go back to the State Department or, as they call it, the "Deep State Department." If you don't mind, I'd like to have him go back and do his job. So does anybody have any question? Please. [Cross-talk] Yeah. How about you. Only -- only for the Secretary. It's a great question. We're working -- we have real concern about H-2A visas, particularly agriculture workers that need to get across. We're going to make sure that we do everything we can to keep that part of our economic lifeblood working between our two countries. DHS and the State Department will work together. Mr. Secretary -- Right back there, and then -- And then a second question: They also are telling us -- said in a press conference this morning that they will not take back any non-Mexican citizen. Any other third parties will have to -- we don't know what will happen to them. So can you address what will happen to those third-country immigrants that you are saying they will not be allowed to enter the U.S., and Mexico is saying that they will not be allowed to stay in Mexico either, or sent back from the U.S.? I'm very confident we'll do that, and we'll make that announcement shortly, together. Chad. [Inaudible] But are you sending Guatemalans back to Guatemala or Cubans back to Cuba? What would you do -- -- with those third countries that are non-Mexicans? And just to put it, you know, when you said -- before, you said the non-Mexicans going to Mexico. We're not sending them to Mexico; we're sending them back to their own countries, not to Mexico. Why would Mexico take people that aren't from Mexico? We're sending them back. In the case of Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, a lot of other countries, they go back to the country from where they came. Okay? And, Mike, please. Yes, John. It's pretty diffused, unfortunately. But we've certainly seen it come from places like China and Russia and Iran, where there are coordinated efforts to disparage what America is doing in our activity to do all the things that President Trump has set in motion here. Lots of things. Lots of work. One of the things we want to make sure is the American people go to trusted sources for their information. But we've made clear, we've spoken to these countries directly that we don't -- that they need to knock it off, that we don't approve of it. And then there are a handful of other things we're engaged in to make sure that the right information is out there and accurate information is given. Mr. Secretary, the Peace Corps volunteers? Does somebody else have a question? Is that not a legitimate question? Please. You're another one. I appreciate that question. So, we're doing lots of things. We've had a couple places in particular: Peru and Morocco. I think we've had the first two, maybe three now, flights out of Morocco. We're going to work to get people back. We're urging individuals, when they can get back on their own -- they traveled there on their own -- when they can get back there on their own, they ought to try to do that. We'll get it done successfully. Yes, Steve. Go ahead, please. Is there any sense of just how that problem is, how many people -- Steve? They'll last as long as we need to do it to protect the American people from the virus. I couldn't tell you how long it's going to last. So -- Maybe we shouldn't say that. Sounds like a "yes." We know plenty. About the Peace Corps volunteers? For the Peace Corps volunteers that are in 60-plus countries, have they all been returned? And then Secretary -- Secretary Esper is not here, but to get tests to the troops in Iraq and Afghanistan are you able to give us a progress report on the status of that, if they're all able to get tests? Secretary Pompeo, how exactly are you going to get those Americans back? And do you have any plans to get the military involved in that? It's a whole-of-government effort to make sure we get them back. Again, they're going to help us every place they can. Secretary Esper and I have talked about a couple times. That's an important question. The whole world should know that humanitarian assistance into Iran is wide open. It's not sanctioned. We've offered to provide assistance to the Iranians as well. I talked with Dr. Ted Rose from the World Health Organization about this. We're doing everything we can to facilitate both the humanitarian assistance moving in, and to make sure that financial transactions connected to that can take place as well. But the sanctions themselves, no -- no movement? They know the answer. Ira- -- they know the answer -- Iran. The leaders. They know the answer to your question. I've worked for the President for three years now. I know how much he values the people that work on my team. I know, when I was the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, how much he valued the work we did. I know that he watches our team -- Dr. Birx -- all of the team that's working to push back against this virus to keep America safe. What a good answer. Yes, go ahead. True. It's very true too. Go ahead. No, behind you. Please, go ahead. And then when did the whole-of-government approach start to happen? [Inaudible] So we were alerted by some discussions that Dr. Redfield, the Director of the CDC, had with Chinese colleagues on January 3rd. It's since been known that there may have been cases in December, not that we were alerted in December. Excuse me -- we'll do it in a second. Let Mike -- he has to get back -- he has to get back to work. This is not about retribution. This matters going forward. We're in a -- we're in a live exercise here -- Should have -- Should have let us know. This transparency, this real-time information sharing isn't about political games or retribution. It's about keeping people safe. And so when you see a delay in information flowing from the Chinese Communist Party to the technical people who we wanted to get into China immediately to assist in this, every moment of delay connected to being able to identify this risk vec- -- the risk vectors, creates risk to people all around the world. And staying with you, Mr. Secretary, what message do you think it sends to other countries when you have the President of the United States lashing out at reporters? But what message does it send to other countries though? But what message does it send to countries when you're lashing out at reporters? I've seen -- I've seen many things at the State Department being reported wildly and inaccurately on -- -- on multiple occasions. And I have spoken to those reporters about it each and every time, and I'll continue to do so. Well, I'd rather have -- if you could finish up with the Secretary of State. Let me ask you both -- Is everybody finished -- Secretary of State? At worst, 3.4 percent of Americans will die from this virus," he said. What do you say to people that have that view? That's 11 million people he's talking about. Well, I can just say the entire world is agreeing with us because they're all -- they all have their choice, and everybody is doing the exact same thing. We want to shut it out, and we can do that. And we'll see what happens in two weeks, in three weeks. But if we can save thousands of lives, and even millions of lives, potentially -- you don't know where it goes. But you could be talking about millions of lives. So if you look at the world -- I mean, you have some very smart people in the world. You have some smart leaders in the world. And everybody is doing it the way we're doing it. I think we're doing a better job than hopefully most, if not all. We're doing a very effective job. But we'll -- we'll know better in 14 or 15 days. But, you know, you're talking about hundreds of thousands -- and maybe more than that -- numbers of people. And, you know, we can bring our finances back very quickly. We can't bring the people back. Yeah, I agree with that. But I think I'd like to have Anthony answer that, because to be honest, that's what he does. And he -- we have a lot of -- a lot of very talented people telling us what they think we should do. Okay, so, Secretary of State will be leaving. Any other question for him? Go ahead. In the back. Please. In the back for Mike. Excuse me, I didn't call on you. Go ahead. He is a New Yorker and right now he is betraying the city he comes from." I've personally spoken to emergency department nurses who say that they're being told not to wear N95 masks because supplies are so low. So how do you respond to those remarks by Mayor de Blasio? And there's nurses and doctors -- Well, I just think this: I'm not dealing -- Yeah, I'm not dealing with him. I'm dealing with the governor. And the governor agrees with me, and I agree with him. So far, we've been very much in sync. I guess they're not agreeing with each other, necessarily. But the relationship with New York -- I love New York. I grew up in New York, as you probably have heard, and the relationship has been very good. And I think government and the governor have been getting along incredibly well with the federal government. Okay. [Cross-talk] Again it's a -- it's a public health crisis, so what we're trying to do is limit the amount of contact that we have with these individuals, not putting them in Border Patrol facilities, ICE detention facilities, and the like. So it's going to be very rapid. We're going to obviously take them into custody and then -- and then send them back to a port of entry or other means. But if they are OTM, will you -- will they be taken to an airfield nearby or -- And sent back [Inaudible]? Any -- anybody? About the what? Yeah. It will be. Well, we're working on it. Well, I believe in a lot of things. I want to get workers money. And whichever way the best way to get it -- and I want to keep the businesses open too, because without the businesses, they're not going to be getting money for very long. But we're going to be -- we're going to be talking. If there's not, we'll do something later, I am sure. I am sure we'll do something. We're not talking about a thousand-dollar check. We're talking about much more than that. We're also talking about doing phases. If this doesn't work, we're going to keep doing until we get it going. And, frankly, once we get the economy back and once this enemy is defeated -- the invisible enemy, as I call it -- once it's defeated, we get the economy back, it's going to all come back to us very quickly. It comes back very quickly. We have a tremendous economy. We do numbers like no other country has ever done before. Number one in the world, if you go back two weeks -- and still, obviously. But if you go back two weeks, number one in the world, by far. That money comes back to us very rapidly. We want to keep it -- we want to have it so that when we -- not "if," but when we win the war with the invisible enemy -- when we win it, these companies can immediately start -- not that they have to start rebuilding, which takes a long time. Steve. Steve. Please. Please. I'm -- I'm confident. I am confident. Well, we're looking at different numbers. We have a best case and not best case, but the big thing is to defeat the virus. Once that virus is defeated, Steve, I think everything else falls in place very rapidly. I think you're going to have a tremendous upswing. A lot of people agree with me. A lot of -- if you look at your stock market geniuses -- some of whom are not geniuses, but they think they are -- a lot of people think that I'm right about that, that once we defeat the virus, I think you're going to have a very steep -- like a rocket ship. It's going to go up and everything will be back, and I really believe we're going to be stronger than ever before. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, you heard my news conference yesterday. So, you know, that's not -- I mean, that was -- that was sort of yesterday's news. No. That does happen because they want to buy supplies. We want to buy as a backup to them, in case they can -- and sometimes that will happen. But regardless of who gets them, when they need them, we're getting them to them. Now, we're doing the Production Act. We're doing it very much. And we have a lot of things cooking right now at a high level. Remember this: Nothing like this has ever happened before. Over 140 countries. And you have supply chains that are broken down for two reasons: because they can't supply that much and because people are sick. They can't be on the chain. So you have a lot of interesting things all over the world. You have supply chains that broke down because of the illness and also because of the fact -- the quantity. But we're getting it ordered. We're getting it done. And the -- if you just have to -- look, some of you were at the call yesterday where I spoke with the governors -- almost all of the governors -- and every one of them was very impressed with what we've done. Go ahead. In the middle, please. I'd have to talk to him. I would have to talk to Secretary Scalia. You know, so far, we haven't had to. It's an amazing thing that happened. We're getting calls from automobile companies. We're getting calls from other companies, saying they have plant capacity, they want to make ventilators, they want to make other things. We are literally being besieged, in a beautiful way, by companies that want to do the work. They want to do the job. They want to help us. They want to help our country. So we haven't had a problem with that at all. Well, when they call us, they let us know. If there's a conflict, they will call us and we will drop our bid because we want them to go first because they're point -- they're point of sale. So we've had four or five instances where literally that was happening because you know we're both trying to get stock. And if we're going against, they will call us -- the smart ones, frankly, will call us, and we will immediately -- we want them to buy it because it gets to them quicker if they buy it. Okay? We're really -- They know that. And it's happening more and more, where they're calling and they're saying we're bidding against each other. They want to get it. They'll get it much quicker that way. Go ahead, please. Well, it's going very well, I tell you what. We inherited an obsolete deal and we've made a good thing out of it. I haven't heard that question in a while, but go ahead. We do hear anecdotally, occasionally, of, say, a public health lab or another one that has a concern about this supply or that supply. Through FEMA, we actually are standing up a laboratory task force to answer those questions. Usually, it's that the lab people do not understand that there are actually alternative supplies in the marketplace that they are perfectly free to use. So some of it is just they aren't listening or checking with us about all the freedom, all the capacities out there. It's a complex system, with 330 million Americans and all of these labs, so sometimes there's a lab that doesn't understand how much flexibility they have and how much supply there is out there. Do you want to say about the tests? Tell them how that's working. But let me also emphasize how important it was, in answering these questions for governors and local officials, that the President stood up FEMA and the National Response Center where we briefed governors yesterday. Now every governor and their state department -- state health departments have the ability to reach out with -- to our regional FEMA administrators. Mr. Vice President, you're the head of the task force. You've seen the numbers. You've spoken to average Americans. You're a former governor. What do you say to Americans right now who are watching and who are scared? And you can contract the coronavirus; have very mild symptoms, if any; not even be aware that you have it; and expose someone who is vulnerable to a very serious health outcome. That's the reason why we're encouraging people to avoid groups of more than 10; to not eat in restaurants, but to use drive-throughs; to wash their hands on a regular basis. But I just wanted to get a clarification because you just said that you haven't had to require companies to up their production of medical supplies, but you've said last night you invoked the DPA. But I didn't say that. No. When we need something -- when we need something -- because of the act, when we need something, we order something. And, as you know, two days ago, I invoked the act, which was a big step. I'm not sure that it had been done before, certainly not very much. And when we need something, we will use the act. What has happened is, before we even go out, many, many companies -- great companies -- companies in a totally different business are willing to do things and make things. Because that's what they do; they make product. They're willing to make product for us -- medical product -- that we need very badly for the states that the states can't get -- they haven't been able to get. And, you know, most of the states, in no way did they do anything wrong. They were stocked up. They were all equipped. Unfortunately, they've never had a thing like this. So they need help from the federal government. Go ahead. I have. I have. Yes. I have. A lot. A lot. And they're making a lot of ventilators and they're making a lot of masks. Go ahead, please. Go ahead. Please. I can't say they are, but they will be very shortly because we're working with one in particular -- the ones to make ventilators. They called us yesterday and they're already -- we're working on a transaction. They're going to make ventilators. They say they've done it before, which surprised me. But they can do it very easily. Go ahead. Carnival. Yeah. No, not donate. That's not the word -- "donate." He didn't -- he's not giving them. He's going to let you use them. I spoke with Micky Arison, who is the President -- chairman, CEO, and owner. I think he's got every title you can have. He said to me that he was willing to, if we need ships -- if we need ships for helping people, that Carnival would be absolutely willing to help us in Los Angeles, in New York, wherever they may be -- in Miami, where they're very big. If we needed something, they would be willing to. So far, we haven't needed to. And we're bringing the big hospital ships up in California. We haven't. We're working with the Governor of California, as you know -- with Gavin -- and we haven't made a determination. We're also talking -- the folks would like it in Seattle. So we're discussing where it can be most useful. We've spoken with Governor Cuomo and we're bringing the big hospital ship up in two weeks, and we're going to have it in New York Harbor or someplace in New York Harbor. No, I have taken them up. I said, "If we need it, I'll let you know." That's called taking them up. Right now, we don't need it. Well, I can tell you they're very clean and also those surfaces, the germ, as you know, the virus disappears over a period of time. And these ships are very clean. They've been kept very clean. They've been gone over. But the virus, as you know, if it is on a surface for a certain -- they have, actually, charts. Different kinds of surfaces, it disappears over a period of time. I mean, I -- what are you trying to get at? Go ahead. It disappears. The virus disappears when it's on surface after a certain number of days or, in some cases, hours, depending on the surface it's on. Go ahead. Please. I will be, but first I want to get the approval from the company because I don't want to be doing that. I assume they'd like it, but I'll let you know. We have one company that has openly stated, and it is General Motors. It's one of the companies, But I didn't speak to them about announcing it, but I'll announce it. I'm sure they wouldn't be -- but we have others also. And do you think that's the case? Or, I mean, do you think that -- or do you not agree with that research? It's the same thing. Physical separation and the care that's outlined here is going to take care of both of those things. Well, you're hearing very positive things about testing. And just so you understand, we don't want every American to go out and get a test. Three hundred and fifty million people -- we don't want that. We want people that are sys- -- that have a problem, that have a problem with -- they're sneezing, they're sniffling, they don't feel good, they have a temperature. There are a lot of different things. You know them -- you know them better than I do. So, ready? We don't need that. But what we are having is we're having -- these private labs have come and they've been really fantastic. And we also have a great system for the future. Because, as I said, we inherited -- "we," meaning this administration -- an obsolete, broken system that wasn't meant for anything like this. Now we have a system that you can see because -- look, we're well into this and nobody is even talking about it, except for you -- -- which doesn't surprise me. Which doesn't surprise me. Yeah. Well, okay -- Yeah. Well, okay. I'm not -- I'm not hearing it. But we don't want everybody to go out and get a test because there is no reason for it. Yeah. Mr. President, I want to ask -- We'll do one more after this. Is there any possibility that this country could ever get to a point where every single person could be tested, and how long would that take? Testing is important. It would be nice to know and there are certain things you could do, but let's not conflate testing with the action that we have to take. Whether or not you test, do this. I'm not -- I'm not putting down testing as an important issue, but people seem to link them so much: that if you don't have universal testing, you can't respond to the outbreak. But I do think -- and that's after listening to Tony and everybody else that is an expert, I do think it's important that not everybody be tested. If you feel great and if you have no symptoms whatsoever, it's a -- it's just not a good thing to be doing. All right. Steve, please. The possibility of aerosol transmission always comes up when you have situations like that. It comes up with influenza. It came up with SARS, in which there was a documented, you know, one-off episode of some aerosol transmission. Aerosol means that it could stay in the air for a period of time because it's in a droplet that's very small and doesn't go down. So I'm not ruling out the possibility that it's aerosol. But again, it's not going to substantially change doing this. I get the same calls that many of you get. That someone goes into a place who has a symptom and wants to get a test. And for one reason or other -- multiple logistic, technical, what have you -- they can't get it. That is a reality that is happening now. Is it the same as it was a few weeks ago? Absolutely not. So is that a way of saying we are not yet at a point where we are meeting the demand pressure? Mr. President -- Do you want to finish that, Mike? Go ahead. You might want to respond to that. But given the magnitude of this outbreak, the President apprehended early on that it wouldn't be enough to meet the need. And I just want every American to know that, literally hour by hour, in partnership with these extraordinary commercial labs, we are making more and more tests available every day. We'll detail the way that we're working with states to distribute those tests. Tomorrow, we'll take some time to detail that progress for you. But I would say to any American who might be concerned that they have symptoms, as the President said so well: We don't want every healthy American to get a test. But if people feel that they have symptoms that they identify with the coronavirus, call your doctor. Mr. Vice President -- Just so you know -- just for the probably hundredth time: I, this administration, inherited an obsolete, broken, old system that wasn't meant for this. We discarded that system. And we now have a new system that can do millions of people, as you need them. But we had to get rid of a broken, old system that didn't work. It worked only in a very limited basis. And we're very proud of what we've done. It's incredible what we've done. And this system will now serve for the future -- for future problems. Hopefully, you don't have a problem like this, but something will come up. We have now a great system and it's almost fully in gear, but it's able to test millions of people. But we inherited a broken, old -- frankly, a terrible system. We fixed it and we've done a great job. And we haven't been given the credit that we deserve -- that, I can tell you. But the one that really deserves the credit are the American people because they are doing things that nobody thought they would do. What they're doing is incredible. And we're making a lot of progress. And we'll see you folks tomorrow. Thank you very much. Thank you. 