Thank you very much. Thank you. So, I'm glad to see that you're practicing social distancing. That looks very nice. It's very good. I want to thank everybody for being here today. This morning I spoke with the leaders of the G7 -- G7 nations -- and they really had a good meeting. I think it was a very, very productive meeting. I also spoke with our nation's governors. This afternoon, we're announcing new guidelines for every American to follow over the next 15 days as we combat the virus. Each and every one of us has a critical role to play in stopping the spread and transmission of the virus. We did this today, and this was done by a lot of very talented people, some of whom are standing with me. And that's available. And Dr. Birx will be speaking about that in just a few minutes. It's important for the young and healthy people to understand that while they may experience milder symptoms, they can easily spread this virus, and they will spread it indeed, putting countless others in harm's way. We especially worry about our senior citizens. The White House Task Force meets every day and continually updates guidelines based on the fast-evolving situation that this has become all over the world. It's all over the world. It's incredible what's happened in such a short period of time. On the guidelines of the task force, the new modeling conducted by Dr. Birx, and our consultation with governors, we've made the decision to further toughen the guidelines and blunt the infection now. We'd much rather be ahead of the curve than behind it, and that's what we are. Therefore, my administration is recommending that all Americans, including the young and healthy, work to engage in schooling from home when possible. Avoid gathering in groups of more than 10 people. Avoid discretionary travel. And avoid eating and drinking at bars, restaurants, and public food courts. If everyone makes this change or these critical changes and sacrifices now, we will rally together as one nation and we will defeat the virus. And we're going to have a big celebration all together. With several weeks of focused action, we can turn the corner and turn it quickly. A lot of progress has been made. I'm also pleased to report today that a vaccine candidate has begun the phase one clinical trial. This is one of the fastest vaccine development launches in history. Not even close. We're also racing to develop antiviral therapies and other treatments. And we've had some promising results -- early results, but promising -- to reduce the severity and the duration of the synd- -- of the symptoms. And I have to say that our government is prepared to do whatever it takes. Whatever it takes, we're doing. We're doing it in every way. And with that, I'd like to just introduce Dr. Birx, who's going to discuss some of the things that we strongly recommend. Thank you. We've talked about things before, about washing your hands, but we really want to focus on: If you are sick, no matter who you are, please stay home. If someone in your household is diagnosed with this virus, the entire household should quarantine in the house to prevent spread of the virus to others. The reason we're taking these strong and bold steps is because we know there is virus spread before you develop symptoms, and then we know that there's a large group -- we don't know the precise percent yet -- that actually is asymptomatic or has such mild cases that they continue to spread the virus. They're the group that communicates successfully, independent of picking up a phone. They intuitively know how to contact each others without being in large social gatherings. We're asking all of them to hold their gatherings to under 10 people, not just in bars and restaurants, but in homes. We really want people to be separated at this time, to be able to address this virus comprehensively that we cannot see, for which we don't have a vaccine or a therapeutic. Thank you very much, Dr. Birx. So just to connect with what I mentioned to you in previous discussions in this room -- and Dr. Birx said it very well -- that in order to be able to contain and curtail this epidemic to not reach its maximum capability, we have a two-pillar approach, one of which I believe has been very effective in preventing the substantial seeding, and namely the travel restrictions that we've discussed many times in this room. This -- what we're mentioning now -- the guidelines, when you look at them carefully, I believe if the people in the United States take them seriously, because they were based on some rather serious consideration back and forth, some may look at them and say they're going to be really inconvenient for people. That's not word speak. It means: If you think you're here, you're really here because you're only getting the results; therefore, it will always seem that the best way to address it were to be doing something that looks like it might be an overreaction. It isn't an overreaction. It's a reaction that we feel is commensurate, which is actually going on in reality. Okay, go ahead. My favorite question; I ask it all the time. How many times, Anthony, I think I ask him that question. Every day. And I speak to Deborah; I speak to a lot of them. I get the opinion. So it seems to me that if we do a really good job, we'll not only hold the death down to a level that is much lower than the other way had we not done a good job. But people are talking about July, August, something like that. So it could be right in that period of time where it, I say, wash -- it washes through. Other people don't like that term. But where it washes through. We'll see what happens. But they think August. Could be July. Could be longer than that. But I've asked that question many, many times. Yes. Yeah. No, I think they are very scared. They see that we're doing a very professional job. We've been working with the governors and the -- frankly, the mayors, local government at every level. We have FEMA totally involved. FEMA has been -- you know, usually we see FEMA for the hurricanes and the tornados. Now we have FEMA involved in this. They've been doing a fantastic job locally working with people that they know because they work -- like, as an example, in California, in the State of Washington, they work with them a lot on other things, and they're very familiar. So they're working on it. What you can do and all you can do is -- professional, totally competent. We have the best people in the world. We have, really, the greatest experts in the world. And someday soon, hopefully, it'll end and we'll be back to where it was. But this came up -- it came up so suddenly. Look, he was surprised; we were all surprised. We heard about it. We heard about reports from China that something was happening and all of a sudden -- we did make a good decision; we closed our borders to China very quickly, very rapidly. That was a -- that was a -- otherwise, we'd be in a very -- as Tony has said numerous times, we'd be in a very bad position, much worse than we would be right now. You look at what's happening in other countries: Italy is having a very hard time. But I think that -- I think that what we do -- and I've spoken actually with my son. He says, "How bad is this?" It's bad. It's bad. But we're going to -- we're going to be, hopefully, a best case, not a worst case. And that's what we're working for. Yes. Well, we have that very much. Yeah, we have that very much. And we are -- we've been pretty aggressive. We were early with Europe, but we were very, very early with China and other places. And, fortunately, we were. And as far as containment here, we are. We're coming out with strong suggestions. And, you know, it's becoming a little bit automatic. If you look at people, they're not doing certain things. For instance, there's obviously not -- I wouldn't say the restaurant business is booming, and bars and grills and all. People are self-containing for -- to a large extent. We look forward to the day where we can get back to normal. Go ahead. What's your second question? At this point not nationwide, but -- well, there are some -- you know, some places in our nation that are not very affected at all. But we may -- we may look at certain areas, certain -- certain hotspots, as they call them. We'll be looking at that. But at this moment, no, we're not. Yeah. Well, I had my test -- it was late Friday night. And the reason I did it was because the -- I had no symptoms whatsoever, so the doctor said, "You have no symptoms, so we don't see any reason." But when I did the press conference on Friday, everybody was going crazy. "Did you do the test? Did you do the test?" So, very late on Friday night, I did the test. And he may have put out -- or the doctor may have put out something at a -- I don't know what time the letter went out, maybe it was put out by somebody else, but the results came back, I believe, the following day. And we tested negative. Well, I told them that -- and I went totally by what they said -- the doctors, more than one. They said, "You don't have any of the symptoms." They checked what you're supposed to check and that I didn't have symptoms. But I did it -- I did a test late on Friday night. And it came back probably 24 hours later or something. They sent it to the labs; it came back later. Yeah, please. Yeah. If they can get them faster by getting them on their own -- in other words, go through a supply chain that they may have. Because the governors -- you know, during normal times, the governors buy a lot of things not necessarily through federal government. If they're able to get ventilators, respirators, if they're able to get certain things without having to go through the longer process of federal government -- we have stockpiles now and we're ordering tremendous numbers of ventilators, respirators, masks. And they're ordered, and they're coming, and we have quite a few at this point. I think, Mike, we have a lot. But if they can -- if they can get them directly -- it's always going to be faster if they can get them directly, if they need them. And I've given them authorization to order directly Go ahead, please. That's right. Well, first of all, we hope we don't get there. And that's what we're doing, and that's why we're taking a very strict look at this. But we also are looking at areas -- and not only looking; we're expanding certain areas. We're taking over buildings that aren't used. We're doing a lot in that regard. We hope we don't have to get there, but we are doing a lot in that regard. Yeah. Well, we're looking at that. And we may be expanding that. We are looking at that. We want fairness. We want it for everybody. No, we're looking at that through the Senate, because as you know, the Senate is now digesting that bill. So we may very well be adding something on that. Okay? Good question. I can get back to you with that number. We've ordered a lot. We have quite a few, but it may not be enough. And if it's not enough, we will have it by the time we need it. Hopefully, we won't need them. Yeah, we'll be able to give you -- Well, we'll give you. We can give you a number. If it's important, we'll give you a number. Go ahead. Well, when I'm talking about control, I'm saying we are doing a very good job within the confines of what we're dealing with. We're doing a very good job. There's been a -- there's been a tremendous amount of the way they're working together. They're working hand-in-hand. I think they're doing, really, a great job. And from that standpoint, that's what I was referring to. Yeah, Steve, go ahead. I'm not referring to "it," meaning the – Yeah, if you're talking about the virus -- No, that's not under control for any place in the world. I think I read -- I think I read -- No, I didn't. I was talking about what we're doing is under control. But I'm not talking about the virus. Yes, please. Well, it may be. We're not thinking in terms of recession, we're thinking in terms of the virus. Once we stop -- I think there's a tremendous pent-up demand, both in terms of the stock market and in terms of the economy. And once this goes away, once it goes through and we're done with it, I think you're going to see a tremendous -- a tremendous surge. We're not really. We hope we don't have to, Steve. We think that hopefully we won't have to do that. But it's certainly something that we talk about every day. We haven't made that decision. Yeah, well, I think the federal government is doing everything that we can possibly do. We made some very good early decisions by keeping people out, by keeping bor- -- countries out -- certain countries where the infection was very immense. I noticed a lot of people are talking about South Korea because they've done a good job on one side, but on the other side, tremendous problems at the beginning. They had tremendous problems and great numbers of death. I think that we've done a fantastic job from just about every standpoint. With that being said, you look -- no matter where you look, this is something -- it's an invisible enemy. And -- but we are speaking all the time, not only with the people, but also the professional people -- the nurses, the doctors. They have been doing a fantastic job. We are also working very much on getting them the kind of equipment that they need. And for the most part, they're either -- they either have it or they will be getting it. But remember this: we want the governors, we want the mayors, we want them locally -- from a local standpoint, because it can go quicker -- we want them to work. And we had a great talk with the governors today. I think it was a really great talk. There's a tremendous coordination. There's a tremendous spirit that we have together with the governors. And that's pretty much, for the most part, bipartisan. Yeah. Well, I don't -- I don't, number one, determine recession. I just say this: We have an invisible enemy. We have a problem that a month ago nobody ever thought about. Nobody in the -- you know, I've read about it. I read about -- many years ago, 1917, 1918. I've seen all of the different -- the different problems similar to this that we've had. This is a bad one. This is a very bad one. This is bad in the sense that it's so contagious. It's just so contagious. Sort of, record-setting-type contagion. And the good part is the young people are -- they do very well. And healthy people do very well. Very, very bad for older people, especially older people with problems. My focus is really on getting rid of this problem -- this virus problem. Once we do that, everything else is going to fall into place. Yes, please. Yeah. I've been reading -- I've been watching. Well, I don't know. I mean, that I can't tell you, if they are or not. I think a lot of the media actually has been very fair. I think people are pulling together on this. I really think the media has been very fair. I think it could be that you have some foreign groups that are playing games. But it doesn't matter. We haven't really determined to do that at all. And hopefully, we won't have to. That's a very big step. It's a step we can take, but we have not decided to do it. Jennifer, go. Yes. And then, second of all, we heard that Jeff Bezos has been in contact with the White House daily. Can you say what he's been asking for or proposing to do? Well, I've heard that's true. I don't know that for a fact. But I know that some of my people have, as I understand it, been dealing with them or with him. And that's nice. We've had tremendous support from a lot of people that can help, and I believe he was one of them. As far as the airlines are concerned, the airlines -- we're going to back the airlines 100 percent. It's not their fault. It's nobody's fault, unless you go to the original source. But it's nobody's fault. And we're going to be in a position to help the airlines very much. We've told the airlines we're going to help them. Well, we're going to be helping. We're going to be backstopping the airlines. We're going to be helping them very much, John. It's very important. But can you –- can you fulfill their request for $25 billion for the passenger carriers and $4 billion for cargo? We're going to be looking at it very strongly. We have to back the airlines. It's not their fault. In fact, they were having a record season -- everybody was. They were having record seasons, and then this came out. And it came out from nowhere. So, not their fault, but we're going to be backing the airline. Yeah. The best thing I can do for the stock market is we have to get through this crisis. That's what I can do. That's the best thing we can do. That's what I think about. Once -- once this virus is gone, I think you're going to have a stock market like nobody has ever seen before. [Cross-talk from reporters] Make sure we don't think that these are solid in stone until July. Yeah. That would be the outside number. Yeah. Mr. President, you've been criticized -- Hold on one second. Please, go ahead. I think they may make it even better. Look, they're working together very well with the House. They're working very much in unison, like the question before. They're working to only enhance it and make it better, and make it fair for everybody. And that's what we're looking to do. So, we may go back and forth with the House a little bit, but both will be in a very positive fashion. Please. Well, let me just have the professionals answer that. Would you like to do that? Please. But the most important thing was if one person in the household became infected, the whole household self-quarantined for 14 days. Because that stops 100 percent of the transmission outside of the household. And as we talked about early on, it's silent. We had another silent epidemic: HIV. And I just want to recognize the HIV epidemic was solved by the community: the HIV advocates, and activists who stood up when no one was listening and got everyone's attention. And on PPE, Dr. Birx, can we ask you to comment on the equipment, Doctor? Go ahead. Go ahead. Yes, Mike. Please. But the other issue that was raised with the President today was personal protective equipment. And the reason I mention testing is because one of the recommendations that we have for states is that these remote testing sites make a priority of two groups. One would be people over the age of 65 that have symptoms. So we're putting a real priority on our extraordinary healthcare workers that are -- that are, at this very hour, coming alongside people that are struggling with the coronavirus and people that are concerned that they may have been exposed. The other piece is, we're grateful that the legislation passed by the House of Representatives includes liability protection for N95 masks produced by companies like 3M in Minnesota, by Honeywell. We've added a provision to the bill that will literally, from one company alone, add another 30 million masks per month back to the marketplace. We're strengthening the supply chain. And healthcare workers around America can be absolutely certain that the President and our entire team are going to continue to put the health of America first and put first our healthcare workers across this country that are meeting the needs of the people of our country. I think the Admiral can answer that. And you might want to talk about the roving, also. We're now moving into a phase that the big commercial laboratories with high-throughput screening have availability. So, as we talked about last week -- because of the historic efforts of the FDA -- a Roche test and, as the President predicted, a Thermo Fisher test were both produced last week, under an emergency use authorization. It gets shipped by an incredible distribution system, the test result, and it's electronically reported. So these are available to people nationwide. We expect more and more than 1 million coming on board this week as the reagents come up and as people with the testing capacity validate that in their own hospitals and other -- and other places. So if you're a CLIA-certified lab with complexity, you can do that. So the point is, testing is now entering, sort of, what we normally do in the healthcare system, where big labs, in a high-throughput basis, receive these through normal channels. So that part of it is really underway. There is a number. I don't have that number because I've been working on setting up this distribution system. So, this is where we are. The state and public health laboratories in the CDC are published every day on the CDC website. The CDC gets feeds from LabCorp and Quest and they get that on a daily basis. That's not good enough for Ambassador Birx. She wants 100, and we'll work on that. So I think just to put it a different way: A lot of -- a lot of testing has been going on. And I don't believe anybody has been able to do what we're doing and what we will be doing. This is just another tool that we're helping the states to have. And again, as we talked about, this is modeled on the FEMA-based points-of-distribution system optimized for testing. We expect this week -- we now have gear, people, being shipped right now, today, that will be in over 12 states with multiple sites, many of -- many of states having multiple sites to start augmenting the local capacity and really providing the state and the local people what they need as another way for people to get tested. So this has never been done before. That's never been done, and certainly not on a level like that. And I will say that -- I think I can speak for the professionals, that if you don't have the symptoms, if your doctor doesn't think you need it, don't get the test. Don't get the test. I think it's very important. Not everybody should run out and get the test. But we're able to handle tremendous numbers of people. John? We're looking into it. We've heard that. We've heard it from, really, two places. There are two places that have -- specifically, New York being one. And we are looking into it very strongly. Yeah. Steve go ahead, please. I've always washed my hands a lot. I wash my hands a lot, probably -- maybe, if anything, more. Certainly not less. Not -- not something I want to do every day, I can tell you that. It's -- you know, it's a little bit of a -- it's a little bit of -- of good doctors in the White House. But it's a test. It's a test. It's a medical test. Nothing pleasant about it. Well, I think he can do more. But I think -- I think he can do more. And, you know, it's an area of the country that's very hot right now. I think New Rochelle -- and a place I know very well; I grew up right near New Rochelle -- I think it's a very -- No, I think it's an area that has to be tamped down even more because it's a hotbed. There's no question about it. So I think they can look at doing it. But we're getting along very well. We've had a very -- in fact, I noticed he made some statements just now that the relationship with the federal government has been good. The federal government has done everything they've wanted us to do. But we can -- I think -- I think it's very important that all of the governors get along very well with us and that we get along with the governors, and I think that's happening. Well, we haven't thought of it, but, you know, I will say this: That it's -- we're very careful. We're very careful with, you know, being together. Even the people behind me are very -- they've been very strongly tested. I've been very strongly tested. And we have to be very careful, but everybody should be. Vigilant. We have to be vigilant. [Cross-talk] Two simple questions for you, Mr. President. Okay, I don't know if this is a question for you or for Dr. Birx. But Dr. Birx said that it is the millennials who are going to lead us through this and that now is the time to look out for the older people in our home. Older might be a state of mind, not necessarily in age. So for those millennials of us who have parents who are in their 50s, 60s, 70s, what is older? Well, if I was Dr. Fauci, I would tell you there's a physiologic age and a numerical age. So, older people with preexisting conditions. And what do we mean by that? You know, significant heart disease, significant kidney disease, significant lung disease, any immunosuppression, any recent treatment for cancer. Public health people, like myself, don't always come out with compelling and exciting messages that a 25- to 35-year-old may find interesting and something they will take to heart. But millennials can speak to one another about how important it is, in this moment, to protect all of the people. Now, you could be 40 and have a significant medical condition and be at substantial risk. Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you very much, Mr. President. You are already talked. Mr. President, the other day, you said that you were not responsible for the testing shortfall. A very simple question: Does the buck stop with you? And on a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your response to this crisis? I'd rate it a 10. I think we've done a great job. And it started with the fact that we kept a very highly infected country -- despite all of the -- even the professionals saying, "No, it's too early to do that." We were very, very, early with respect to China. And we would have a whole different situation in this country if we didn't do that. I would rate it a very, very -- I would rate ourselves and the professionals -- I think the professionals have done a fantastic job. As far as the testing -- you heard the Admiral -- I think the testing that we've done, we really took over an obsolete system or, put it maybe in a different way, a system that wasn't meant to do anything like this -- we took it over. And we're doing something that's never been done in this country. And I think that we are doing very well. We took the system, we worked with the system we had, and we broke down the system, purposely. We broke it down in order to do what we're doing now. And within a short period of time -- and even now -- we're testing tremendous numbers of people. And ultimately, you're saying it will be what? It will be up to -- how many people will be -- we'll be able to test? And there's a swab that's put in the back of the nose, all the way to the back of the throat -- it's called a nasal pharyngeal swab -- which is then put in media. The next person who has to get tested -- that healthcare provider has to change all the personal protective equipment. When you put that in, it's highly likely a person coughs or sneezes, so you're at risk. Does the buck stop with you, Mr. President? Does the Buck stop with you? Yeah, normally. But I think when you hear the -- you know, this has never been done before in this country. If you look back -- you know, take a look at some of the things that took place in '09 or '11, or whatever it may have been. They never did -- nobody has ever done anything like what we're doing. Now, I will also say -- Admiral, I think we can say that we're also getting this ready for the future so that when we have a future problem -- if and when, and hopefully we don't have anything like this -- but if there is, we're going to be very -- we're going to be starting off from a much higher plateau. Because we were at a very, very low base. We had a system that was not meant for this. It was a smaller system. It was meant for a much different purpose. And for that purpose, it was fine, but not for this purpose. So we broke down the system, and now we have something that's going to be -- and is -- very special, and is ready for future problems. And I think we can say that very strongly. Yeah. Go ahead, please. Well, I'd leave that up to the states. It's a big thing postponing an election. I think, to me, that really goes to the heart of what we're all about. I think postponing an election is a very tough thing. I know they're doing -- because they've been in touch with us -- they're doing it very carefully. They're spreading people out very -- at great distances, as you can see. And I think they'll do it very safely. I hope they do it very safely. But I think postponing elections is a very -- it's not a very good thing. They have lots of room in a lot of the electoral places, and I think that they will do it very well. But I think postponing is unnecessary. We think about it. We think about it. If we don't have to do it, that'll be good. We have very strong emergency powers when it comes to something like this, both on the southern and the northern borders. And we -- we are talking about different things, but we'll see. Right now we have not decided to do that. Steve? So, thank you for that question. The vaccine candidate that was given the first injections for the first person took place today. You might recall, when we first started, I said it would be two to three months. And if we did that, that would be the fastest we've ever gone from obtaining the sequence to being able to do a phase one trial. And the individuals will be followed for one year -- both for safety and whether it induces the kind of response that we predict would be protective. And that's exactly what I've been telling this group over and over again. So it's happened; the first injection was today. [Cross-talk] Go ahead, please. To Dr. Fauci. Well, if you were -- if you are positive for the infection, if you have coronavirus, it is less how you feel than whether or not you're still shedding the virus. So the general issue about letting people out of a facility who, for example, in a hospital or whatever, who have been infected, you need two negative cultures -- the same way that was just described -- 24 hours apart. Yeah, no. The market -- the market will take care of itself. The market will be very strong, as soon as we get rid of the virus. Yes. There's very little data in pregnant women. I think, about a week ago, I said that reports that came in from China, from the Chinese CDC, of the nine women who were documented to be pregnant and have coronavirus in their last tri-semester, delivered healthy children and they themselves were healthy and recovered. Mr. President, any comment on what people like Devin Nunes and the governor of Oklahoma have been saying, encouraging people to go out to restaurants, which goes directly against what this advice and your guidelines says? No, I haven't heard that. I haven't heard that from Devin or anybody else. Haven't heard it. Haven't heard it. Well, I have to see what they said. But -- Well, I would disagree with it. But right now, we don't have an order, one way or the other. We don't have an order. But I think it's probably better that you don't, especially in certain areas. Oklahoma doesn't have a tremendous problem. Oklaho- -- you said the governor of -- the governor of Oklahoma? And Devin. Yeah. Well, I hadn't heard that. Well, it's adverse to what the professionals are saying. That's, you know -- Yeah. No, it's adverse. But I'll take a look at it. Absolutely. Yeah. I'd prefer if one of our medical -- Oh, please. Please. That's a good question, John. In the original guidelines, as they were -- they were presented, it was schools, not daycare. And I think it's very important we should -- probably, if we have not discussed that, go back and discuss that in some detail about whether or not that's equivalent to school. That's a good question. Do you want to answer that? No, I'm sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. I just wanted to read -- there's a -- there's an answer to this. The small print here -- it's really small print: "In states with evidence of community transmission, bars, restaurants, food courts, gyms, and other indoor and outdoor venues where groups of people congregate, should be closed." Well, we haven't said that yet. We're recommending, but -- we're recommending things. No, we haven't gone to that step yet. That could happen, but we haven't gone there yet. Please. Well, hopefully this will -- -- pass through and hopefully that we'll have –- everybody will be going to restaurants and flying and being on cruise ships and all of these different things that we do. And it will very, very hopefully be in a fairly quick period of time. But we're taking a tough stance. We may make certain other decisions. We may enhance those decisions. We're going to find out. As per the question that you were asking, some of those decisions may be enhanced. How about one more? Jennifer? Yeah. Go ahead. Please. So in the previous 24 hours, we saw a great deal of enhanced activity with relation to the HHS -- HHS computer systems and website. Fortunately, we have extremely strong barriers. We had no penetration into our networks. We had no degradation of the functioning of our networks. We had no limitation of our capacity for people to telework. Mr. Vice President, have you been tested yet? One thing Mike just said, it's very important to get out that this is for the next -- what we're talking about -- much of what we're talking about is for the next 15 days. Mike, go ahead. I have not been tested yet. I'm in regular consultation with the White House physician, and he said I've not been exposed to anyone for any period of time that had the coronavirus, and that my wife and I have no symptoms. But we're checking our temperature regularly, every day, and we'll continue to follow guidance, which I think may be a good -- a good place to land at the end of the day, and that is: As we expand testing rapidly around the country, through the new public-private partnership that the President facilitated, we want the test to be available for people who have symptoms, people that -- who have symptoms and are in vulnerable populations, and our healthcare workers to make sure that they can have the peace of mind that they're doing their jobs and they're properly protected. This guidance, for the next 15 days, is what our experts say is the best opportunity we have to lower the infection rate over the entire course of the coronavirus. Just as the President did by suspending travel from China; just as he did with travel advisories and screening from Italy and South Korea; and just as we've done with Europe, and at midnight tonight, with the UK and Ireland, we'll continue to take very decisive steps to lower the spread of the coronavirus. Just one more. Steve, go ahead. Please. Yeah, we had a G7 -- It was a -- Well, it looks like it. We're -- I've very confident. They're in a position that -- some of them are in a rough position, if you look at a couple of them. And some are heading toward pretty rough territory. We had a very good conference; it was a teleconference. Everybody was on the phone -- every leader. And almost 100 percent was devoted to the subject that we're talking about today. And they are working very hard. And they're -- you know, they're very concerned, obviously, but they're working very hard. But I would say just about all of it was -- Steve, all of it was devoted to what we're talking about. I think so. I mean, so far, it seems. We haven't -- we didn't even discuss that. It's still a ways off. But it was a very good discussion. And they have -- there's a great camaraderie. There's a great togetherness. I think it was -- I think I can say that very, very strongly. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. 