Well, thank you very much. We have the tourism industry executives, the biggest anywhere in the world. These are the great ones, and they're going to say a couple of little words pretty soon, I think. We'll talk about their company quickly and the number of employees and what's happened since the Chinese virus came about. And they'll be discussing that. So we're joined this afternoon by the true leaders of our nation's travel, hospitality, and tourism industries. And I want to thank you all for being here. I've known many of you for a long time. Great people. I want to thank Vice President Pence for his tremendous leadership on the task force. He's done a great job. And thanks also to Secretary Mnuchin over at the Hill. They've been working -- and Wilbur Ross and everybody, basically. They're all working. We're all working very hard. We're profoundly grateful to all of the companies and organizations here today representing tens of thousands of American workers and really representing something so important. It's the place to stay when they come to our country. Such a big business. One of the biggest businesses. And thank you for adopting additional protocols to keep Americans healthy, including enhanced cleaning processes throughout your hotels and buildings. We know that your industry is among the hardest hit by the economic impact of the virus. Our goal is to beat the virus, and we will -- we call it the hidden virus, the hidden enemy -- with aggressive action now so that we can rebound stronger than ever before, and that's what we're doing. And everyone is cooperating. We're really getting tremendous spirit. Republicans are getting along with Democrats, and a lot of good things are happening. Yesterday, we issued new guidelines for how all Americans can minimize their risk of exposure and stop the transmission of the virus. My administration has taken decisive action to support American workers and businesses. We love our workers. We love those workers. They're incredible. And we're going to come out stronger than ever before. And it's not going to be so long. The IRS will defer tax payments for affected individuals and businesses. Today, the Senate is taking up legislation to provide for free testing -- and that will happen -- paid, sick, and family medical leave and nutritional assistance for the vulnerable. We're announcing -- and we will be announcing again later on -- that we're working with Congress to provide rapid relief for affected workers and industries. And this will allow us to emerge from the strongest economy on Earth because we had, literally, the strongest economy on Earth. And now this is in, as of last count, over 124 countries, I understand. A hundred and twenty-four countries. Unbelievable. But we'll emerge -- I really believe we'll emerge stronger because we'll be doing things differently than this country has done them in the past for many, many decades. And we're deeply committed to ensuring that small businesses have the support they require. The Small Business Administration announced disaster loans, which provide impacted businesses with up to $2 million. And we've asked Congress to increase the SB lending authority. We're going to be going up to $50 billion and, actually, much more than that for small businesses. So they'll be helped. In your cases, they're very big businesses, but it's a lot of employees. And so we appreciate it very much. We appreciate your being here. And maybe, in front of the media, you could say a couple of words about your companies and the number of people you employ. And I pretty much know every one of you in that respect. It's a lot of people and great companies. Please. We appreciate all that you're doing today to keep all of us safe and secure first, and working on trying to secure a good future for the economy, as you point out, that was quite strong but obviously being impacted by this. Right. I personally lived through many crisis, starting with the S&L, the 9/11 crisis, the Great Recession. I've been doing this for 35 years. Never seen anything like it. And so, you know, we're hoping to have a constructive dialogue about, you know, how we protect the small businesses that make up the bulk of this industry and how we protect the people on the frontlines of this industry -- that number, 5 million people -- that, at this point, given what's going on in our industry, are in harm's way. And tell me: So you're in many countries. And how are you doing in other countries? Some are in very, very bad shape, I know. And that's pretty much all over the world. The bulk of our hotels in the major cities are closing, as we speak. Well, we'll get it open soon and we're going to -- we're doing a -- we're doing a yeoman's effort. I think it's -- we're going to be very successful. You'll be back in business soon. But we have to keep your employees going -- -- and the businesses going. And we -- And we will be able to do that, Chris. Thank you. But all over the world, it's a disaster. Yeah. It's all over. Yep. Thank you very much. Please. Thank you very much. He was lamenting that, although he owns about 10 different hotels and different brands, and some with us and some with other brands, he was lamenting having to lay off tens of hundreds of people in his company. Some of them have been with him for 20, 30 years. And he was really concerned about their livelihood and their safety net. Yeah. With the banks. Yeah. We're dealing with the banks too, and the banks have been very accommodating. They will be. I think they will be. Thank you, David. I appreciate it. Please. Thank you. Great job. Good job. Right. How many hotel rooms now, worldwide?  And this all started in China. That's where you first saw the problem and it's where you first got hit. I hope you all heard that. Right. Is China doing better now? Two percent? In Macau? Wow. Well, that means it's coming. It's [Inaudible].  Right. No, we're in that process. We haven't hit that top yet. We're in the process. Right. Thank you very much. Thank you. So we're experiencing the same impacts similar to what the industry, the HLA, and our colleagues here have been talking about. But I want to turn our attention to those small business owners in 50 states across the communities because they're the bedrock of those communities. And as they're getting impacted, it's not just their employees that begin to see an impact in job losses, but it's an entire ecosystem of their suppliers, their vendors. We will. Yep, we will. Thank you, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President. Patrick Pacious, CEO of Choice Hotels International. We have 6,000 hotels in the U.S. That's 1 out of every 10 hotels flies our flag. As others have talked about, we're in secondary and tertiary markets. We may be the only hotel in a small town. Those owners have two key concerns: one, what do they do with their employees when they've got zero occupancy? Okay, give us those suggestions. Yeah, go ahead. I see. To what? Okay. Right. So it's individual properties, instead of -- instead of accumulated properties? Okay. I got it. Thank you very much. Thank you, Patrick. Right.  You have some of the sports leagues, right? You have quite a few? Yeah, I would think so.  When this ends, do you see a quick build up? Right. Hopefully you can retain them. So that's what we're shooting for. You want to retain them. Yeah? Right. You know, Jim Murren is here somewhere –-80,000 people this week. We're tens of thousands, because our owners can't pay it. Okay. What kind of a fund would that be? In terms of dollars. Forty. Okay. I got it. Yep. I got it. And we employ, directly, 250,000 and another 250,000 through other small businesses that work well with our industry. To your point about a quick recovery, we purely serve a leisure customer, which means -- just like after 9/11, just after that '08, '09 -- our customers will be back really quick, as soon as we're on the other side. I think so, too. Right. I think so, too. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Hi, Jim. We couldn't get you a chair? What happened? [Laughter] I want to bring them back as soon as possible. Las Vegas, as you know, will come back rapidly once the --you give us the green light. I think so. Okay. We'll get it done, Jim. We'll get it done. Good. I don't know if you're still -- Is that what you like the best of the various scenarios? Most direct. Not as quick, but most direct. Thank you very much. Let me ask you, the parks outside of the United States -- Closed? You closed all of -- all of your parks? Everything closed? That's a real worldwide problem isn't it? That's incredible. Yes? Right. Okay. Good. You guys okay? Yes, please. That's if we can get back up to 35 percent. But they'll come back as we age a little bit, right? I hope so. I think so. It may come back fast. Thank you very much. Thanks, Jim. Okay, thank you all very much. Thank you. Please. That's all being figured now. And we're also helping industries like Boeing. We have to help Boeing. We have to help the airline industry. It wasn't their fault. This wasn't their fault. And we will do that. We'll be doing that. So we're adding it up. It'll be fine. It'll come back very quickly once we're finished with our war with the virus. Okay? They've done it in smaller amounts. Yes. But we have a lot of other -- Right, we're -- well, it can definitely afford it. The question is, do we want to go through payroll, or do we want to do -- you know, there are four other ways of doing it. And that's what we're determining, along with the Senate, right now. The Senate and House -- we're all working on this together, John. Thank you all very much. Well, the message is that this was something that happened. It's nobody's fault. It happened and we're going to take care of it. We'll be bigger, stronger, better than ever before and it won't take that long. Thank you very much. Yes. Please. No, I know. We'll work on it. Thank you all. 