Everybody ready? Okay, Chad, do you want to start it? Do you -- do you want to start off? The governors, who you will talk to you here in a few minutes, know the FEMA process, know how that works in cases of both natural and manmade emergencies. And that's the process that we'll be using going forward, making sure that they are linked up with their emergency operation centers and tied into FEMA. So again, thank you for being here. Well, thank you very much. It is great having FEMA involved. We've had tremendous success working together, and we appreciate all of the people here. And it's an honor to be with all of you. You're doing a fantastic job, by the way. And so now we're, as of yesterday when we -- when we gave the order, FEMA is totally involved, in addition to everybody else. And a lot of progress is being made, so I look forward to speaking to the governors. And from what I understand, we have pretty close to 50 of the governors and some territories on, and we have a lot of -- just about everybody showed up, so that's very nice. And we will put them on the screen as soon as you want. Thank you. Thank you very much. Mike, do you want to say something? Today is an opportunity to talk about the progress that we are making on mitigation, on testing, on supplies. We understand as FEMA's -- as FEMA's mission, that this effort, through FEMA, will be locally executed, state managed, and federally supported. And I want all the governors to know that we are with you every step of the way. The governors in those states, their state health officials are responding with great professionalism and great speed. We'll continue to support those that are directly impacted. But by standing up, through your national emergency declaration, Mr. President, standing up FEMA and standing up the National Response Coordination Center, we want our governors, we want all of our state and local health officials to know that we are, as you say, bringing the full -- the full weight of the federal government to bear to support our states and our local communities, and that we'll get through this coronavirus and we'll get through this together. I agree with that 100 percent. Thank you very much. And for the media, I guess perhaps you're going to stand aside. We're going to have the screen right behind you. And we'll start opening this up to the governors, if that's okay. Please. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, who is next speaking? Hi. Hi, Brian. I can hear you fine. Thank you, Brian. As you all know, I think we -- we're on the frontline of the fight, and we're in the fight with you. But I believe that we can best make those directives based on what's going on in our state. I like that idea, Brian. That's done. I like it. Thank you. So I just want to keep that on the table if you're willing to consider that. Okay. But we've been vetting it all morning. But one idea to help the states in these struggling revenue environments that is unlike the recession when things went down slowly, when states had time to prepare. At the end of the year, we're all facing drastic revenue drops. And the idea of a block grant to the states to help fill revenue shortfalls would be something I'd like for you to consider. Okay. Thank you. Very good. And thank you very much. And we will consider everything you've said. Thank you very much. Okay. Who's next? Next governor, please? You're looking well, Phil. You're looking well. Thank you. Good. Good. Yep. So I promise you we're doing everything we can get PPE. We're acquiring it. We're getting donations, but we still are going to need a big slug-out of the Strategic Stockpile. So for all the above: Many, many thanks. And so, Phil, try -- try what you can. Do the best you can to get what you can actually get. And we're also having a lot of things produced that, frankly, nobody has ever seen anything like this before. But do the best you can. And on block grants, we're going to consider that very strongly. Thank you, Phil. Hello, John Bel. And my fear, based on modeling I've received today, is that as early as seven days we can start to exceed our capacity to deliver healthcare. And even after surging, we may only get an additional three days. And so I'm asking for help in terms of surging our medical capacity. Here in Louisiana, we've got some requests in. For example, we have a VA hospital in New Orleans where we've requested to be able to surge patients there. That is my biggest concern. And I just wanted to express that to you and ask for your ongoing help as [Inaudible] -- Yeah. What is your second request? John Bel, what's your second request, please? The second request. Right. Okay. We're going to look at that, and I'm going to try and get you immediate approval on the hospital. I know about the hospital request. And so we're going to speak to the VA. We're going to see if we can get immediate -- at least as a switch, but we'll get that approved for you one way or the other. All right? Okay. Thanks a lot, John Bel. Thank you. I might ask very briefly, while we're waiting for the next governor to come on, Mike, if you could say a few words. And also, Deborah, if you could say a few words, it would be great. And then we have another governor teed up. Please. Get the word out to your citizens. It would be very helpful. On testing: As we've said many times -- and worked with many of you through your state labs and certified labs and, of course, at the CDC -- testing is now available in all 50 states. We want you to be aware that if you have questions about the availability of testing in your state, you obviously can talk to your state health department and healthcare providers. Your healthcare providers will know where those resources are. Your state department will know where their resources are. And we just encourage you to bring your team together. Important to note that while now tens of thousands of more tests are being performed literally every day, the bill the President signed last night also included a provision that states and private labs must report all coronavirus testing results to the CDC. Emphasize that to your state health department, your healthcare providers. As she'll also explain, we will see, as testing is ramping up today and tomorrow -- we will see an increased number of cases. We want to give context to you and to your citizens about that. On supplies: President Trump has been engaging industry leaders in the supply chain across the country to make sure that personal protective equipment and medical supplies are broadly available. So those can now be readily sold to your hospitals and healthcare providers. We urge you to communicate that to your healthcare providers, your hospitals today, to let them know that that supply has dramatically increased and they can place orders. We also would reiterate, if you can reach out to your construction companies, they're in possession of lots of N95 industrial masks. Your action item on that in your states should be: You should survey your outpatient surgical centers and your ORs to identify the type of respirators that can be converted. And Dr. Birx has been working with suppliers. There's a changed vent that has to be attached. We've identified that those are available. Please explain to your citizens that this will have a direct impact on hospital capacity. By suspending elective surgeries, it will free up more space in hospitals, including respirators. As Dr. Birx explained to me, that many people that require a respirator is because of a surgery gone wrong. And so this frees up more of our capacity across the board. We intend to run all of the federal response and support to states through here at the National Response Coordination Center and through FEMA. This center is fully operational. Governors, I want you to tell your teams that this NRCC will be connected to your states through your regional administrators and your state emergency operations centers. So with that, Mr. President, I might just turn it over to Dr. Birx -- Yeah, please. Go ahead. And we'll hear then from the governors. Thank you, Mike. Deborah. So it's the three primary states of California, Washington -- California, Washington, and New York, with the addition counties of New Orleans and Cook County. We are very concerned, and remain concerned, in urban areas where mitigation and social distancing is absolutely crucial. The issue of decreasing spread due to contaminated counters and other things in restaurants and bars, as well as movie theaters, is absolutely critical. Those ventilators can be converted to be utilized -- anesthesia ventilators to be used as ventilators. I think as we all work together to solve these solutions, I think unlocking the masks and the PPE from construction was absolutely key, as well as -- as well as this ventilator situation. I think the federal government has been very proactive in ensuring that we decrease bureaucracy and barriers to unlock these innovations. We'll get feedback from your community. This will only be solved if every single person in every single community takes responsibility to ensure they're following the presidential guidelines that were put out several days ago for the two weeks of stopping this virus. So we will stay in close communication with all of you through FEMA. We're very excited about the full activation of FEMA to be able to provide a dialogue both up and a dialogue down so that we can stay in close communication and so we can ensure that we have prioritized all stockpile elements based on the needs and the case structure that has been reported. All right, thank you very much. Mike, go ahead. Last point. The President asked me to emphasize -- we want to encourage every governor on this call to convene your leading healthcare providers today to take inventory of your medical supply needs. And we urge you to remind them that they need to look to their supply chains first. We'll prioritize accordingly. Thank you, Mr. President. And thank you very much, Mike. And I want to get back to the governors. I do want to say -- to me, something so big -- the FDA has approved compassionate use for a significant number of patients. We have a drug called chloroquine. A derivation would be hydroxychloroquine, which I hear even better about. It's a common malaria drug. It's been available, so therefore the safety level we understand very well. It's been relatively safe. And it showed very encouraging early results. Really encouraging. If we -- if this works as well as -- hopefully it might. The FDA, which would have taken normally much longer to do under our great Secretary -- he's been fantas- -- the head of the FDA has been -- Dr. Hahn -- Dr. Stephen Hahn -- he has been fantastic. He got it approved very quickly. I won't even tell you how quickly, but let's put it this way: It's approved. And we're encouraging you to take a look at it. We have ordered a lot of it, and you can too. It's by prescription. It's a very powerful drug for malaria and also for various forms of very serious arthritis. But we think it has a very serious -- a very good impact on what we're talking about with respect to the virus. So you'll take a look at that. Then you can coordinate with us. But I think, to me, that's a game changer. You know about -- the vaccines are fine, but that will be a while before you can test them because you have to leave quite a bit of period. We are making tremendous progress on a vaccine, but it still takes a long while to test it. We're also studying this and other promising therapies, which is a therapy produced by Gilead, and that would be rems- -- it's called remdesivir. Remdesivir. And it shows great promise. And Regeneron was -- is a company which is also working very hard on a drug, and it's also -- they're doing very well. They are the ones that came up with a very successful solution to Ebola. And they've been a fantastic company. So we have some great things, but the -- the ones that I mentioned are very good, but especially, I think if you look at the first mention -- could be a absolute total game changer. And with that, I think we'll go back to the -- this is by prescription, but states can issue it. And we have it approved by the FDA. And I think it's going to be something that will be very interesting to see. We're going to know very quickly. But we've had some very good tests, and it's been successful. So let's take a look. To me, that's probably the most important thing that anybody can say, if it works. But we have it approved for safety. And I want to thank the FDA for acting so quickly. It was incredible how quickly. This was something that would have taken years, and they got it done almost immediately -- based on the past history of the drug. Thank you very much. Who is the next governor, please? Hi, Pete. Thank you. One is reagents to process the tests. So once, for example, somebody has been swabbed and we have a test kit, sending it to our lab. We're working to conserve the reagents. But I think some of my colleagues are actually out. So if you could put some attention in the CDC to how we can make sure we're getting reagents out to everybody so we can actually process the test we're getting. Okay. So I want to put that on your radar screen to be able to see if you can have somebody take a look at that. No, I agree. Good. I've got attorneys in some of our schools telling our teachers they can't do anything because they're going to get sued because of the FAPE requirements. So if we could have some temporary guidance that would allow us more flexibility. You know, our schools again are operating without students in them. We'd like to be able use them for other things. That's great. We'll get right back to you on that, Pete. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing. Thank you. Okay, who's next? Governor? Who's our next governor? Next. Hi. I just have two things on the PPE issue, which obviously is a huge issue for all of us. The first is, could you talk a little bit about the guidance you're going to offer -- or articulate some guidance on how the implementation of the Defense Production Act is going to work with respect to trying to man up and generate additional capacity around the PPE stuff? Right. Yeah. [Laughs] All right, Charlie. Thank you very much. Well, we do like you going out and seeing what you can get, if you can get it faster. And price is always a component of that also. And maybe that's why you lost to the feds. I'll tell you, that's probably why. But I'm going to -- I'm going to ask Mike to discuss that because we have some, I think, brand-new information. Please, Mike. And so the President has not yet exercised his authority under the Defense Production Act. He said he will if he needs to. But I think the President's perception and the team's perception is now is American industry is stepping forward very aggressively. And with the changes that Congress just enacted and the President signed, we're going to continue to make -- to make more and more PPE available. And I will say this, Charlie, and for everybody: The country has really stepped up like I don't think we've seen it in many, many -- probably decades. It's incredible the way they've stepped up. So we hope we can get rid of this thing quickly. Okay. Next -- thank you, Charlie. Next governor, please. Next governor. And thank you so much for appointing Vice President Pence, a former governor, to lead this crisis. He has been terrific in working with all of us and reaching out to us. Thank you, Larry. And we talked to Doug Hoelscher last night and gave those to the -- to the White House. And we want to just raise those issues, some of which you've already covered already in the discussion. But I just want to walk through them. This summarizes -- there were 25, 30 different things all the governors were talking about, but these were the ones that were the most -- there was most consensus on. One -- one, it was, you know, trying to dedicate at least 50 percent of the supplemental funding to the states, including some direct funding, and acting quickly on waiver requests. But if we have the money in the states, we can really utilize it, I think, faster and push it out, sort of like we do on other things with block grants. Secondly, we have talked about this a lot, but every governor obviously is trying to work with you and bombarding about things about how do we work together to increase access to PPEs, mass test kits, extraction kits, and accelerating the production, and all of this life-saving equipment -- ventilators. And it helps us pay those folks and get them benefits that we've elevated -- we've activated 2,200 Guard members in our state. And this is something, I think, the governors had a concern -- all 10 of your appointees who are on this call, I believe. Providing some gui- -- number four, providing some guidance on implementation of the Defense Production Act so we can, kind of, help work with Secretary Azar and give some thoughts about how the states could be more involved in helping that, with some of the industries in our states. And I just want to, again, thank you. There's been tremendous cooperation. You have a terrific team -- Thank you. You know, it's great that you're being so willing to help governors personally, but I think things will happen better if you go through FE- -- your regional FEMA coordinators and you got more people addressing these issues. But that's a summary of it, and I just throw it out there. So thank you for -- maybe others on the team can touch on. Well, thank you, Larry. And I think -- -- the FEMA is going to go great. We've had so much -- we've done so much work with FEMA. Unfortunately, recently, on a big tornado in Tennessee -- you know that -- and then, last year, on a big tornado in Alabama, and plenty of hurricanes. And we work also in California, largely in California, and the big forest fires. And FEMA does a job like no -- like no other. And so I think they'll be a tremendous -- I know they're going to be a tremendous help. On the two points that are relevant, I'd like you to call Steve Mnuchin, and I'll speak to him later. Give him a little detail in those two points, please, so that while we're doing this with the Senate -- we're getting a lot of cooperation from Democrats and Republicans. Maybe you can make those two points a little bit with Steve because -- -- a few people do agree with that. Okay? Thank you. Thank you very much, Larry. Okay next? Next governor, please. Yes, please. Pete? Like all of you, we are prepared to do this for the long duration, for the long haul. The health and safety of our employees and the American people is my top priority. As of this morning, the HHS Crisis Action Task Force and other federal partners have fully integrated into the operations based here at FEMA's National Response Coordination Center. This is what FEMA needs from everyone. The FEMA regional administrators will continue to coordinate closely with you and your teams to determine the type and level of support you need as you continue to respond to this dynamic threat. Like all emergencies, response is most successful when it is locally executed, state managed, and federally supported. Again, locally executed, state managed, and federally supported. Recently, today, we issued guidance to all states about what eligible emergency protective measures are under the Stafford Act. So that was this afternoon. And, governors, you should see that shortly. We also issued guidance on giving more definition of the Defense Production Act. I thank everyone for the continued partnership in this effort. Thank you very much, Pete. And in addition to FEMA, we have the very, very talented man -- who I've dealt with a lot on building different things throughout the country -- the general that you -- I think, for the most part, you know: General Semonite. And that's the Army Corps of Engineers. And very much involved in a couple of locations I know very specifically. And he's definitely very busy, but he's a good builder, and that's what you need is a good builder. So thank you very much, General, for being here. Okay. Next governor, please. Hi, Gina. Hi. Go ahead, Gina. Yes. Yes. That's okay. So you picked a fine man. That's good. That's great. So as you are putting together the next round of stimulus, I would ask you please to consider direct and sizable stimulus to our hospitals because they're really bearing the brunt of this. Okay. And some sort of a federal guarantee or federal assistance to help us do that would be helpful. Yeah. So thank you again. Good. Thank you. Thank you, Gina, very much. Appreciate it very much. And we'll look into all of those points very strongly. Thank you. Gary, please. Go ahead. One of the things I'd like to just suggest is that we hear a lot of what we can't do. There's a lot of gloom out there. People are uncertain or afraid, but we need to bring some certainty, if we can, to when this is going to -- going to end; what's the -- what's the -- how long are we going to tread water here. And, probably, we need to hear from our people in the hospitality industry about what could do with their restaurants, maybe meeting in small groups and still be able to keep people safe from the spread of this flu, rather than total shutdown. So I'd like to hear more about what we can do. For example, I know this will -- you agree with this, Mr. President: Golf is a great recreation, a great activity where we have very few people in a large open space. So I'd like to hear more optimism, that you give us hope and confidence in the future, which I think will translate to the public. Good. I think you're right a hundred percent. And I think we're going to have a -- we're going to be a rocket ship as soon as this thing gets solved, as soon as we beat the invisible enemy. It's an invisible enemy, and it's been vicious. It's in over 140 countries, if you can believe that. A hundred and forty countries. So it moves fast; it's very contagious. But we've really stepped up, and a lot of good things are going to happen. And one of the reasons we're doing the packages that you're hearing about, reading about, and know about is the fact that we think it's going to come back really fast. I think we're poised to come back very, very fast. But we have to get rid of this, and we will get rid of the virus. And hopefully it will be sooner -- far sooner rather than later. Thank you very much, Gary. Appreciate it. Thank you. Next governor, please. Hi, Gretchen. Good. And I'm just hopeful that as conversations happen around industry -- and we will keep this important sector front and center, because we are concerned about ensuring that they have got some paths out back to prosperity as well. Well, thank you very much. You're right a hundred percent. We're watching the auto industry very much. We're going to be helping them out, at least a little bit. And they've sort of requested some help. And it wasn't their fault what happened. So we'll be taking care of the auto industry. And I appreciate very much your comments. Thank you. All right. Next governor, please. Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, this is Governor J.B. Pritzker from Illinois. I wanted to first express my gratitude to your staffs and to other working in the administration who we've interacted with. They've really done yeoman work in being responsive to us. And thank you, Mr. Vice President, for returning calls to us as we needed more help with answers to questions about testing. And then there is no more promise after that. And so I wanted to try to understand what -- if stand them up, what will happen? That -- that's perhaps, you know, a day or two days of testing. Obviously, that's on top of the testing we already have now. But what will happen after the 5,000 run out? How will we get more -- Okay. The states have done a lot of that themselves, working in conjunction with us. A lot of the drive-through has been done by states. But, Admiral, maybe you can answer that question, please. Let me give you a few numbers. Between March 2nd and March 14, we made available 10.4 million tests to the United States population. We anticipate, by March 28th, that number will be 27.6 million tests, according to the FDA -- so, an incredible surge. In terms of supplies, which many of you I've worked with -- probably about 20 individually -- the FDA has made available a number of options for supplies: different swabs, different reagents. So this shows the incredible ramp. We do not have all the tens of thousands of hospitals, which Ambassador Birx is talking about. I wanted to highlight one -- before I get to your question -- that the approval by Abbott -- the approval by FDA of the Abbott testing system is very important to your hospital systems because it stands a little bit of a gap between what's done at your state lab and what's done at the large commercial laboratories. Right. Only one week after we started, we will have several starting today and likely more than a dozen starting tomorrow. And to be very clear, we gave the initial allocation based on what your state told us, but we want you to work through your FEMA system. We have plenty of tests on the back side. We have plenty of supplies on the front side. All right. Thank you, General. And -- we have drive-through that hospitals have stood up on their own, I might add. But the problem, again, is if we don't have reagent or the swabs, then we can't do more tests than we're doing today. The 5,000 that have been provided to -- are being provided to Illinois for those drive-throughs are not enough going forward. So, if you can help us -- All right. General, that shouldn't be a problem. Would you please answer that? Because everything should be in very good shape. Would you answer that, please? So please look on the commercial market because they are there. We will help you find them or we will help you -- help you to access them. And again, if you stand your requirements up with the FEMA system, we will work with your states to acquire them or assist you in any way. We're fully integrated into FEMA now. In fact, last night, we bought 250,000 swabs and they got distributed all over to -- all over the country to the various states and the states that needed them the most. So, J.B., any problem, call me up. But there should be no problem with that at all. Thanks a lot, J.B. Thanks, J.B. Next governor, please. The morning we would expect the supply, all of a sudden, we get a cancellation notice. And we're working through all the setup channels of the federal government to get it resolved, until we ran out and were unable to process any tests in the State of South Dakota because I have the only lab that is operating today. Good. Good. So they've received what I was trying to get for two weeks when they're not even an approved lab, not even set up and running. And I'm trying to figure out how we're -- Do you want to answer that? All right. We hear it. We got you, Kristi. Very good. Alex, please -- -- could you respond to her? That will never happen to you and it will never happen to your state. Okay, go ahead, please. Okay. The second thing I need is I -- They probably bought them on the open market. There's a trillion dollars of open-market supply. That's where most entities are buying. That's where hospitals buy their supplies from and states can buy from. But I'd encourage you: First, please let your -- let that need be known to your FEMA Regional Director so that it goes into your normal process there. There is tremendous supply. Deb, please. Go ahead. If they have a Thermo -- Thermo Fisher platform, they are certified to run this assay under full FDA. So there will be a lot of commercial hospitals in your state that will have access to these commercial laboratories outside of the CDC test. I understand about your state local labs and them using -- in your public health labs, using the CDC assay, but we're trying to strengthen your individual hospitals' capacity where normal assays are performed for your public. Thank you, Kristi. Thank you, very much. Next governor, please. Thank you, Kristi. Next governor, please. Go ahead. Go ahead. I think we got cut off. Next governor, please. But that's basically the request. And, again, we want to thank you very much for what -- Yeah. Thank you, Mike. We'll take care of that immediately. Very quickly. All right? Thank you. Next, please. Yes. Hi. Good. Go ahead. Even if that's not a purposeful response by the federal government or anyone else, it would be very useful, I believe, to governors -- and certainly to me -- if I knew what the federal government was ordering if you knew what every state was ordering, and what the expected deliveries are. And we could do that through FEMA, because, in fact, these competitive issues I do think create real challenges for states. I think that's good. I think it's a good idea. Pete, we'll do it through FEMA. You'll coordinate that? So Pete is here. We'll do it through FEMA. That's the way we want to do it. Okay? What's next? I just wanted to make a plug for that and let you know. Good. And I would certainly like to be in a position to do that. And last, but as critical to us, New Mexico has a number of labs. We're in, actually, a pretty productive position -- as long as we get the supply chain worked out from swabs to these reagents to enzymes that we need to run them through our high-capacity machines. Thank you very much. We'll get it done. Thank you very much. All right? We have four more governors. Thanks. Let's go. Who's next? Thank you very much. Okay? Next, please. There's more money on the way. So thank you for your fast response. Number two, on behalf of Western Governors -- you've heard it from Georgia, New Mexico, and Rhode Island, my colleagues there -- but block grants to the states would allow us to move quickly to not only support small business but it will help support the economy and help solve this crisis. Thank you, Doug, very much. Thank you. Okay, next please. Right Right. Yeah. I think it's a great idea. Thank you very much. I think -- I think it's something we'll be thinking about. And thank you, Governor. Next, please. Mr. President, Brad Little in Idaho. We -- the governors, we talked about the ventilator crisis as we get further down the road. I know Governor Inslee is there at that point now. Whether -- and I've heard rumors that the car industry might start manufacturing them. And then we've talked about using laser technology -- laser printing to make the parts. Right. And we can do that too. That's great. We can do that easily. Thank you. Thank you, Brad. Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. It's been an honor to be with you. We'll do this probably often until this gets solved. Feel free to call me, the Vice President, anybody at the table, anybody in the room -- except for the media. Don't call the media. And we will see you at the next one. Thank you all very much. Thank you. 