In the next hour, joining us to talk about all that, President Trump, and still with us, Vice President Mike Pence, the White House coronavirus response coordinator, Dr. Deborah Birx, and the surgeon general, Dr. Jerome Adams, and welcome, and thank you all for being here. Thank you, Bill. Well, that's true. Well, I think when I started seeing and reading about China and seeing what was going on in China, Wuhan, specifically -- it seemed to come mostly out of there, that area, the province. And when I saw that and I saw the kind of death they were, you know, talking about on television, on -- in the papers and I -- I started reading a lot about it. And really, when I had to make a decision, do I stop people from China, and specifically that area, but from China to come into the country? And everybody was against it. Almost everybody, I would say, was just absolutely against it. We've never done it before. We never made a decision like that. No, no. It was instinct, no. We had a -- a large group of people right behind me in the Oval Office. And I made a -- I consulted with Mike, but we made a decision. I made a decision to close off to China. That was weeks early, and honestly, I took a lot of heat. Sleepy Joe Biden said, "It's xenophobic." I don't know if he knows what that means, but that's OK. He said, "It's racist", what I did. Thousands and thousands of more people, probably of tens of thousands would be dead right now if I didn't make that decision. And I must say, doctors -- nobody wanted to make that decision at the time. It was very, very early. Call it luck or call it talent, it doesn't matter. We made a great decision. I took a lot of heat from China. They weren't happy with it. Now they understand it, and they've really, you know, we're doing just fine. But they were not happy with it. I took -- I took a lot of heat from a lot of people. I really didn't get -- yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah. When you say I took a lot of heat for that, essentially, I really didn't. I mean, a lot of people agree with me. Our country's not supposed to be -- you know, it's not -- it's not built to shut down. Our people are full of vim and vigor and energy. They don't want to be locked into a -- a house or an apartment or some space. They -- it's not for our country. We're not -- we're not built that way. And I said, you know, I don't want the cure to be worse than the problem itself, the problem being, obviously, the problem. And you know, you can destroy a country this way, by closing it down, where it literally goes from being the most prosperous -- I mean, we -- we had the best economy in the history of our country three weeks ago. And then all of a sudden, we're supposed to shut it down, and then we're supposed to pay people not to go to work. We never had that. We used to pay people to go to work when we had -- [Crosstalk] Always very tricky. It is, it is. It is. Sure. Well, you have to make the decision. Look, we lose thousands -- I brought some numbers here. We lose thousands and thousands of people a year to the flu. We don't turn the country off. I mean, every year. Now, when I heard the number -- you know, we average 37,000 people a year. Can you believe that? And actually, this year we're having a bad flu season. But we lose thousands of people a year to the flu. We never turn the country off. We lose much more than that to automobile accidents. We didn't call up the automobile companies and say, stop making cars. We don't want any cars anymore. We have to get back to work. Now, with all of that being said, it's incredible, what the American people have done, and -- and honestly, the American people have learned -- we've all learned together, between the shaking of the hands and the washing of the hands. Well, I used to wash my hands, and I always wash my hands a lot. I never was a big believer in shaking hands. Once I'd become a politician, you shake hands and you get a little bit used to it. Like, immediately, when I see you, I -- I sort of apologize that I'm not shaking your hand, if you don't mind. Yeah, I don't even like to... [Crosstalk] I never liked to see that actually. But... [Crosstalk] Yes, more than that. Right. You're right... Well, we canceled the deal last night. Well, we canceled... Sure. I canceled the deal last night. I said I'm not going to sign that deal because Nancy Pelosi came in and put a lot of things in the deal that had nothing to do with the workers. That had to do with an agenda that they've been trying to get passed for 10 years. And I came in, I told Mike, I told a lot of people, there's no way I'm signing that deal. I was getting calls from John Kennedy, from Ben Sasse, from many, many people -- Lindsey. I was getting calls from a lot of different people, saying, this deal -- Tom Cotton -- this deal is terrible, what they've done. They took a deal -- you know, we almost had a deal the day before. And it was between Schumer and Mitch and it was really a good solid deal. All of a sudden, they start throwing all of the little Green New Deal stuff in, right -- and the boardrooms, what they look like. And we want green energy, we want all this stuff. Let's stop drilling oil. They had things in there that were terrible. Windmills all over the place and all sorts of credits for windmills, they kill the birds and ruin the real estate, right. A lot of problems, I mean a lot of problems. And I said I'm not signing this deal... Now they've renegotiated it. Oh, you'll always have... Yes, but we have great things for not only companies, forget the companies. The companies are nothing other than they are an employer of thousands and thousands of people, and they pay them very well. We want to protect our workers. I want to protect our workers, workers first. But you have to protect companies like Boeing. They had a real bad year, let's face it, with the problems. And they were in trouble before this and then, all of a sudden, this happened. We can't lose a Boeing. And we can't lose some of these companies. And companies, frankly, Bill, that were solid as -- like, AAA companies -- because of what's happened over the last couple of weeks, they'd go from AAA to being -- like, they could use a hand. We can't... Right. We can't lose those companies. If we lose those companies, we're talking about hundreds of thousands of jobs, millions of jobs. The faster we go back, the better it's going to be. We have a pent-up energy that's going to be unbelievable. We're going to bring it back fast. I really believe that. Sure. Oh. She's great. Do I have an earplug here? I don't have... [Crosstalk] If I could do that. Hello, Mr. President... OK. The question here is how do you shore up both as you look forward? Right. OK. Well, first of all, I have to say that Harris is one of my favorite people. And I didn't hear a word she said, and I was hoping it wasn't too devastating a question. But she is a fantastic person. I have to say that, OK? Now that I've said it -- because I can't hear Harris -- but no, the bill is very much focused on the small businessperson... It's very much focused on small companies, including restaurants and all sorts of small companies. And what people don't realize -- you know, you're talking about these massive -- we have the greatest companies in the world. You talk -- you add them all up, and the small businesses are just about equal in size to these massive companies, of which we have many also. It's the engine of our country, small business. This bill is absolutely aimed at the small business and the worker, and the workers of those small businesses -- and the owners. The owners are going to need help. They're going to need some loans. They're going to need things and we're going to be able to take care of them, because we don't want those small businesses to go out of business, nor do we want the big businesses to go out of business. Well, I'll tell you, I never heard of such a thing. We've had flus where we lose 36,000. We've lost as many, I guess, as 78,000 people in one year. And they came in, and they said to me, sir, we are going to have to close the country. I said, what are you talking about? Well, we have a virus. It's coming in. And I knew that. And I made the early decision to with China. So, I ready -- already closed it off to China. And that was a long time before they came in. But they came in, experts, and they said, we are going to have to close the country. I said, we have never closed the country before. This has never happened before. You're going -- you're saying -- I said, are you -- are you serious about this? We are going to take this country that's fully employed, where we have 160 million people working, and you're telling me we have to close it? And people are going to go out of business, and they are going to go bankrupt, and they're not going to have jobs? What are we talking about here? Don't forget, this has never been done. We have had flus before. We have had viruses before. So, this is something new. And this is why I say we have to -- I gave it two weeks. And I guess, by Monday or Tuesday, it's about two weeks. And we will assess at that time, and we will give it some more time, if we need a little more time. But we have to open this country up. Well, I -- look, I accept things. I understand things very quickly. I mean, I understood exactly what they were saying. But we can socially distance ourselves and go to work. And you will have to work a little bit harder. And you can clean your hands five times more than you used to. You don't have to shake hands anymore with people. That might be something good coming out of this, although, I must tell you, as a politician, it's a lot warmer when you walk into a crowd and you're shaking a lot of people's hands. You love those people. They love me, and I love them. But it is a little bit colder. But -- but you won't be shaking hands for at least a while. And things will happen. But we have to put the country to work. Look, you're going to lose a number of people to the flu. But you're going to lose more people by putting a country into a massive recession or depression. You're going to lose people. You're going to have suicides by the thousands. You're going to have all sorts of things happen. You're going to have instability. You can't just come in and say, let's close up the United States of America, the biggest, the most successful country in the world, by far. You know, when I came in, when I was elected -- and you knew this number -- China was going to overtake us in the year 2019. It wasn't even close. We went way up, and they didn't. We have done great. They pay us a fortune in tariffs and everything else. And yet we have a good relationship with them. We just signed a trade deal. But we are the number one in the world, by far. And now a few people walk into the Oval Office, say, sir, we have to close up the country. I said what are you -- I said, what are you talking about? One of most the difficult decisions I have ever made, because, I knew that, when you do it, as soon as you do it, you are going to drop -- I mean, they're talking about 20 or 25 points of GDP? Nobody's ever heard of 25 points. If we went down a point, that's a big deal. Now, all of a sudden, you are basically turning off the country. I said, this has never been done before. What are you talking about? But we understand it. You have hot spots. But we have had hot spots before. We have had horrible flus. I mean, think of it. We average 36,000 people, death, death. I'm not talking about cases. I'm talking about death, 36,000 deaths a year. People die, 36, from the flu. But we have never closed down the country for the flu. So, you say to yourself, what is this all about? Now... It's never been done. Not good. I wasn't happy about it. And I also knew that I had to do it, because -- look, with Turkey -- I give this as an example -- and Syria, I said, sign a deal with the Kurds. Make peace. Erdogan, he didn't want to. He's a -- he's a man who loves Turkey. And I have a very good relationship. I said, sign a deal. He didn't really want to. The Kurds didn't really want to. And it went on, you know, the so-called safe zone, the -- recently, a few months ago. I said, sign a deal. Do me a favor. Sign a deal. Get it done. They didn't really want to. All of a sudden, they start fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting. And it was vicious. And other countries got involved. Now I say, let's sign a deal. They said, OK, we will sign a deal. We needed a period, because I don't think, if -- if I would have not done it, we would have been unbelievably criticized for not doing it. But it's never been done before. Some -- and, Bill... Somehow, the word got out that this is the thing we are supposed to be doing. Now, we have had some really bad epidemics and other things. I mean, we're calling -- this pandemic. But we have had bad epidemics, I'm sure they could have been called pandemics. But we never did anything like this before. But I had to do it. It's been very painful for our country and very destabilizing for our country and we have to go back to work much sooner than people thought. And people can go back to work and they can also practice good judgment. Well, what I said -- what I said is perfect was my conversation with the head of the Ukraine. That's what I really said is perfect. OK. That was another whole scandal nonsense, a total you know witch hunt. But this one is a much different thing. We had other administrations, not just the last one; they built up a platform, they built up a test. But the test was no good. It didn't handle large numbers of people. It was OK for a very small group but not for a large group. So we had to break it down... No, I -- we did not screw up. [Crosstalk] And I don't think CDC screwed up either. They had a test that would have worked for a small group of people. In other words, for a normal problem. I don't think anybody could of, in all fairness to CDC -- and this is a big government agency and they're very good people in there, but nobody ever expected a thing like this. Nobody would say that millions and millions of people would have been tested. So what we did is we broke that egg, we broke that system and we've created a new system that now we're going unbelievably big numbers and it's set for the future should we ever need it again. I hope we don't need it again. [Commercial Break] You're talking about these bills, this phase one, two and three of the stimulus bill like they're going to fix so much with the economy and people are literally fighting like cats. I mean, what can you do to bring them together? Well I think they're actually coming together. We had a bill that was done the other night and then all of a sudden, somebody else injected herself in and all of -- we didn't have a -- we didn't have anything that was even remotely signable. But now I -- I hear from just a few minutes ago that they're doing well and it's for the workers, it's for the people of the country and I hear they're doing pretty well, so we'll see how it comes out. But it should've been -- well it's like I watched Governor Cuomo and he was very nice. We're building them hospitals, we're building them medical centers, and he was complaining about -- we're doing probably more -- definitely more than anybody else and he was talking about the ventilators, but he should've ordered the ventilators and he had a choice -- he had a chance because right here -- I just got this out -- that he refused to order 15,000 ventilators. I -- I'll show this to Bill but take a look at that, Bill. What does that say? This says New York Governor Cuomo rejected buying recommended 16,000 ventilators in 2015 for the pandemic -- for a pandemic -- established death panels and lotteries instead. So he had a chance to buy, in 2015, 16,000 ventilators at a very low price and he turned it down. I'm not blaming him or anything else, but he shouldn't be talking about us. He's supposed to be buying his own ventilators. We're going to help but, you know, if you think about -- if you think about Governor Cuomo, we're building him four hospitals, we're building him four mobile medical centers, we're working very, very hard for the people of New York, we're working along with him, and then I watch him on the show complaining, and he had 16,000 ventilators that he could've had at a great price and he didn't buy them. Joyce submitted a question from Facebook about the stimulus checks. Let's watch, and I want to get your reaction. Wow, is that great? Well you obviously come from West Virginia, I love that state, and thank you very much, Joyce. I'll tell you what, that's great. I wish we had more people like Joyce, I will tell you. But, you know, it's going to be a substantial amount of money, around $3,000 for a family of four, and assuming it all gets done, assuming we can get the Democrats to sign it, but it'll be great, but Joyce, I think that's such a nice gesture. Really, I appreciate it. Thank you. It's up by more than 1,500 points. What do you watch for each day? I mean, are you keeping your eye on that, is it -- is it companies calling you, small and large? Like, what -- what is your barometer that OK, things are in trouble or things are doing better? Well I think the Dow was helped by the fact that they -- you know, there were theories that we're going to stay out for four or five months, and you can't do that as a -- you'd destroy our country if you did a thing like that. And we're going to be opening relatively soon, if -- we -- our -- our time comes up Monday or Tuesday, our -- you know, the allotted two weeks but we'll stay a little bit longer than that, but we want to get open very soon. I think that was a big reason it's gone up. I also think that the fact that the Senate and the House -- we -- we seem to be getting along as much as you can get along. We seem to be getting along now on a -- on a bill. I -- I think that maybe had even less of an impact than the fact that we're opening up this incredible country because we have to do that. I'd love to have it open by Easter, OK? I would love to have it open by Easter. I will -- I will tell you that right now. I would love to have that -- it's such an important day for other reasons, but I'll make it an important day for this, too. I would love to have the country opened up, and just raring to go by Easter. Good. Thank you, Harris. That would be a -- a great American resurrection two and a half-plus weeks from now. That's very good. [Begin Video Clip] My question is this: If you were to get the coronavirus, can it mutate, and can you get it again? [End Video Clip] So that's a great question, and a very smart question. Because it's an RNA virus, it can mutate, and it constantly mutates. But what has been pretty good about the coronaviruses in general, is they keep their structural pieces very similar. What do I mean by that? There are certain -- the outer coat, the envelope, and the inside part of the virus has stayed very constant. But if you make effective antibody you shouldn't get reinfected. How do you -- how do you gauge that at this point? And so until we get through this current pandemic, this -- if it has seasonality, which we hope and believe it could -- if it gets through this current season it will be in everybody's best interest to do as the president has recommended, our work on vaccines, our work on additional therapeutics, and really getting to both pre and post-prophylaxis so that the health care providers can get -- get a shot, potentially, that will protect them. I'm going to bring in the surgeon general in this, and to both of you, I've been listening to you very carefully for weeks now, and what you've said is we want to be the model of South Korea. Well, South Korea has flattened the curve, to borrow a phrase, and their death rate is about 1.2 percent. This morning, here in the U.S. our death rate was right around that same mark, 1.3 percent. Well, thank you for that, Bill. I think there are a couple of important things for the American people to remember. The first one is that when you look at the data here in the United States, of all the people who we've tested so far, only about 90 percent of those -- or 90 percent of those folks do not have the coronavirus. That -- that's very important for people to -- to understand. And beyond that, we're trying to help people understand the importance of stopping the spread. And the president, when -- when -- when he, nine days ago, listened to his health -- his health providers, his health -- his health consultants, he said, what do we need to do right now? And so we will assess at the end of the 14 days. And we'll figure out the most appropriate thing to do. And based on my experience in the task force so far, the president will make an appropriate decision based on all the data. Oh, absolutely. No, because he has other things to do. No, we get along very well. I think it's been very good. You would have heard about it if it wasn't. I mean, it -- every time he does -- he's not at a meeting -- and sometimes, other people too. They said, why isn't Dr. Birx at a meeting? Is there a problem? And I said, Deborah, could you please come to the meeting, do you mind? Because... [Laughter] ... no, they -- you know, I respect all of these people, these are great people. And Deborah is extraordinary, and Tony's extraordinary. I get along with all of them. But if there's -- you know, they have other things to do. And yesterday, we weren't really talking about what he's an expert on, we were talking about other things, a lot of other things. And you know, they -- I don't think they should be at every press conference. Yeah, we're fine, we're fine. [Begin Video Clip] Now, my mother is a nurse, she works in the health care field. What do you and your team plan to do to help health care workers that are putting themselves at risk every single day as a result of the coronavirus? [End Video Clip] Yeah, that's -- I love that question because my mother's a nurse. She's 91 now, so she's not practicing. But I think we have to remember, in majority of hospitals and in the majority of places, it is the nurses that are the front lines. They're the ones working every moment with the patients to ensure that they do well. That's going to make millions of more masks and PPE -- as we call it -- available to the hospital workers who need it the most because now people can self-test. And I'm getting texts, phone calls, messages from people all across the country. And I want health care workers of America to know, we are fighting for you each and every day to make sure you get what you need from the stockpile, to make sure you get what you need from manufacturers across America, to make sure you're getting decreased demand, which is why we put out our new guidelines on elective surgeries. So we're working on making sure supply gets where it needs to, and FEMA's doing a great job of that by ... ...lowering demand. Well, right now, the FDA is making that more available. We've seen testing increase in real numbers. When you look at last week from Monday to Friday, the amount of testing increased tenfold. So we're seeing testing increase. The concern is that it's actually using up more PPE, which is why we want to prioritize testing for the people who are most in need -- the health care workers, the people who are vulnerable -- and why we're pushing. Thank you for that. Back to Harris now with another question. Harris? Great. So it's not a home test, it's a self-test. So what do I mean by that? I mean the individual can drive up, receive the items -- because, again, we still want to just test people with fever and symptoms that really need to be tested. They can self-swab the front of their nose, put it in the container. In the last eight days, we've done more testing than South Korea. But we did that because we transformed the testing process, as the president spoke to. But we don't want people who are just worried to go get tested. If you don't have a persistent fever, if you don't have a cough, if you're not in the risk group, if you're not a nurse or doctor, we really want the testing and the drive-thru testing and the testing that is provided in the cities to be very much still focused on the people who need it... Because there's only so much even those high-throughput machines are doing. They're doing about 50,000, 60,000, 70,000 tests a day now. They could get potentially to 150,000 a day, but we want to make sure we're testing in the areas that really have the problems. All right... [Crosstalk] And -- and knowing the difference between the home and -- go right ahead. And one of the ways that you could help is by recognizing we want to focus testing on people that have symptoms. Although, according to the tests now, as the surgeon general said, 90 percent of the people that have been tested for the coronavirus don't have it. OK? That -- that number, we've tested more than 320,000 people and -- and that's an encouraging number, I would expect. Harris, one thing I might add... [Crosstalk] Harris, one thing I might add that, to me, is so important. Again, we took something that was broken and we made it the model. And I didn't even know -- I just heard the number for the first time from Deborah -- that in a short period of time we've done more testing than South Korea. Now, you're not going to read that in the newspapers because they don't like to write things like that. But I'd love you to say that one more time because that -- that's a big number. We've done more than South Korea in a short period of time. We're doing more now than South Korea by a lot. What was that number? Two hundred and ninety thousand. [Crosstalk] Two hundred and ninety thousand -- almost 300,000. They did that over eight weeks. And we're going up... We're going up -- we're going up proportionately. We're going up very, very rapidly. Every day, we're going up higher. I'm glad you asked. So I really am glad you asked because this gets into, where is the virus now and where is it expanding. And so across the country, our test rates are still way under 10 percent, except for one place, New York City, metro New York, New Jersey close to New York City, those rates are coming in, in the 28 percent range. Why is that, density of population? Do you blame the governor for that? Thank you for that. And we'll get to all of you again in a moment here, going to get a quick break here. More of your questions from across America here at the White House in the Rose Garden -- after this. Welcome back to our Fox News virtual town hall with President Trump and members of his task force. We are in the Rose Garden here at the White House. And it's a real honor to be sitting here with you all. Well, thank you. That's true. Yes. It's OK. I think it's possible. Why isn't it? I mean, we have never closed the country before, and we have had some pretty bad flus, and we have had some pretty bad viruses. And I think it's absolutely possible. Now, people are going to have to practice all of the social distancing, and don't shake hands, and wash your hands, and all of the things that we are doing now. But we have to get our country back to work. Our country wants to be back at work. That was not a controversial thing I said the other day. Our country wants to go back to work. And -- and, again, the cure, it's -- it's like, this cure is -- is worse than the problem. Again, people -- many people, in my opinion, more people, are going to die if we allow this to continue. We have to go back to work. Our people want to go back to work.. Well, they have their family fortune on the line. The other way, too, they're going to lose their jobs, maybe never to get them back. They're going to lose their businesses, never to get them back. We want to start up as soon as we can because we're going to have a very quick comeback if we do that. If we delay this thing out, you're going to lose more people than you're losing with the -- with the situation as we know it. So I think it's very important for our country to go back. And I've had many, many people -- you know, when you said it was a little bit controversial, not to most people. Most people think I'm right about it. Now, whether we're locked in a room or whether we're in our office and practicing all of the things that we're supposed to be practicing -- staying away from each other, you know, et cetera, it's not shaking hands, washing your hands all the time -- but our country has to get back to work. Otherwise -- otherwise, it's going to be very hard to start it up again. We can't lose the advantage that we have. Yes, I mean I -- yes. So my job -- and I think what's really important is a lot of what we've done is tackled this epidemic the way people said we should've tackled flu in 1918. And they compared St. Louis, who took this kind of approach, to Philadelphia. What we're trying to do now is use 21st century solutions and trying to get data down to the most granular level so we understand what's happening at the area of the spread. And it's really important the Americans know -- I know the Vice President covered this very clearly in the first hour -- but every American needs to continue the President's guidelines for these next -- these next six days or seven days. We have to have them following those guidelines. [Crosstalk] Excuse me, just one second. You can't compare this to 1918, where close to 100 million people died. That was a flu -- it's a little different but that was a flu where if you got it, you had a 50/50 chance or very close of dying. I think we're substantially under one percent because the people that get better are not reporting. So we only know people that go to doctors or go to hospitals and we're taking that and we're still a little bit above one percent. When you add all of the people -- the millions of people that have it that get better, we're substantially less than one percent. And when they came to my office -- don't forget, they were saying three percent, four percent, five percent. There's a very big difference. No, we have to put our country back to work. Mr. President, with the deaths going over 600 today, I -- I want to say that fear -- the fear that's coming out of this disturbs me the most and fear divides. You need unification, unified leadership to fight the fear. So I was really encouraged to see your reaching out to governors -- Governor Cuomo, Governor Newsom -- making -- making liaisons that weren't there before. I do. I think, doctor, it's a very good thing and Governor Newsom and I have been getting along really great. We're sending the ship -- the great hospital ship, as you know, and we are doing very well with, I think, almost all of the governors. For the most part, it really has become something -- it's -- it's -- we're dealing almost every day, we're speaking to each other, whether it's conference calls -- usually we'll have 50 governors on the call at the same time. No, I think we're doing very well but, you know, it's a two way street. They have to treat us well, also. They can't say "oh, gee, we should get this, we should get that." We're doing a great job, like in New York, where we're building, as I said, four hospitals, four medical -- we're literally building hospitals and medical centers. And then I hear that, you know, there's a problem with ventilators. Well, we sent them ventilators and they could have had 15 or 16,000. All they had to do was order them two years ago but they decided not to do it. They can't blame us for that. President Trump, a good surgeon knows after the surgery when his patient can be discharged, and these 15 days are like a big operation on America. Yes. Well, I think, Doctor, a thing like that could happen, but I really believe that we could do much of what we're doing, and we could do it from a work environment instead of a -- an environment where everybody's locked up and everybody is saying, oh, the business is gone, the business is gone, and everybody's suffering depression. You know better than anybody about depression. I've watched where you talk about depression, and that causes death, and it causes a lot of problems. And you know, these are people, they want to save their business. They don't want to be locked up in some room or some apartment or house, and in the meantime, their restaurant's closed, their business is closed. They want to be saving their business, and I -- I believe very strongly, you're going to lose far more people by going that way than you are if we kept this thing going. I could keep them out. I mean, I -- I'm sure that we have doctors that would say, let's keep it closed for two years. OK? Let's close it up for two years. No, we've got to get it open. Our people want it open, and that's the way this country was built. Thank you. And President Trump, I do believe as a nation that we are beholden to you for your decisive, swift action in the beginning with the travel ban. I do think that we would have been in a much different, worse situation had that not happened. Thank you. Yeah, that's a very good question. So right now, the tests that we have are all based on the RNA of the virus. And so we're utilizing the platforms, and -- and thank goodness, we're utilizing the platforms that were developed, really, to work and -- and support HIV-positive clients. So this is their -- their machines that have been used to detect their viral load for the last more than a decade in the United States. And then we're working with companies to work on getting RNA tests that are point-of-care. So these are really critical tests that people are working on right now. [Inaudible] We will, over the next few weeks, be able to make more tests available to the actual American public with symptoms, and to the doctors' offices, as you've requested. And, Nicole, it's important to remember, we've done more tests in eight days than South Korea's done in eight weeks, and our tests are better. They're highly sophisticated. And frankly, I took one. It's not the most pleasant thing in the world, I will tell you that. We're going to have a much simpler test very soon. But we have a really good test, and we've done more in eight days. Nobody knows that -- I just heard this number a few minutes ago. I learned it from being on your show, actually. Pretty impressive. Yes, and -- and hang a right. Hang a right under the eye. [Commercial Break] Thank you very much. Well, the president made it clear yesterday that we -- we want to open up the country as soon as we can. But the key is that more Americans -- and tens of millions are, Bill -- but more Americans have put into practice the president's coronavirus guidelines, 15 days to slow the spread. The sooner we will be able to open up. [Crosstalk] Well, it's personal hygiene. It's, if you are sick, stay home. If someone in your house has the virus, stay home. But it is also avoiding groups of more than 10, avoiding unnecessary travel. Don't eat in restaurants during this period of time. Use the drive-thru. These are all the principles that every American can do. Now, there are going to be Americans that have different guidance from their state and local officials that are more stringent. We have to be a patient nation, if you're going to ask them to do that, as you well know. Mr. President, thank you for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you. 