Thank you very much. A lot of things going on, and we're going to be going over to the Hill, and we're having a lot of meetings. And, from the financial -- this is a medical situation, not a financial situation. The financial, though, is moving along very nicely. I want to thank you for being here and update you on the progress we've made after a week of extraordinary mobilization in our war against the virus. Governors, mayors, the businesses, charities, and citizens are all working with urgency and speed toward one common goal, which is saving American lives. We're in communication with foreign countries. It's now at 148 foreign countries. Can you believe that? One hundred -- you talk about a spread. You talk about a violent spread. One hundred and forty-eight countries. Not even believable. This has been a week of national action and of great national solidarity. People are getting along. We're getting along with Republicans and Democrats and independents and liberals and conservatives. And actually, it's a very nice thing to see. We're all one beautiful, big American family, and that's taking place right now. Last night, I proved a major disaster declaration for the State of New York. I worked very closely with Governor Cuomo. And is the first time in our nation's history that a President has used the Stafford Act to declare a major disaster in response to a public health crisis. Never happened before. I'm considering other areas where we may or may not be doing that. And I'm working very closely with Gavin Newsom, Governor of California, and others; we may be doing the same thing, depending on their needs, depending on what they're asking for. It's been unprecedented action in New York, and we've had a tremendous federal response all over the country. And I want to thank all the people in the federal government and obviously in the state governments and local governments. We are working hard. Everybody is working hard. And the people standing alongside of me are working very hard, that I can tell you. We've also reached agreements with Canada and Mexico on new travel rules at our northern and southern borders to halt the entry of the Chinese virus while continuing trade and commerce. And we've had very good talks, I've -- with Prime Minister Trudeau, and today, this morning, with President López Obrador. And we talked about joint measures that we're taken to prevent the spread of the virus in our countries and to temporarily suspend nonessential travel. We had a great conversation this morning -- the President of Mexico. And our close cooperation with Mexico and Canada will keep our people healthy, keep their people healthy, keep everybody safe. Yesterday, I had a call with 12,000 small businesses -- representatives of these businesses. That's the engine of our country. People don't realize that. You know, you read all about the big ones, but the -- these small businesses, when you add them up together, are really the engine -- economic engine of our country. And I assured them that my administration is doing everything within its very considerable -- considerable power, frankly, to support them and their employees. Nobody has ever done what we've done. Likewise, I had calls during the week with all sorts of representatives and systems, like the hospital system. We spoke to many of the hospital systems throughout the country -- nurses and doctors, representatives representing hundreds of thousands of nurses and doctors; airlines and cruise ship companies. The business roundtable, which was fully attended and it's all of the top CEOs of our country and beyond, frankly -- the businessmen of -- really, these a world -- world-styled businessmen. These are businessmen that control the biggest companies in the world. Many of them have taken hits, and many of them are just, you know, going forward. They -- their businesses have been -- have been great. Some have been very badly affected, some haven't been affected at all, and, frankly, some are doing very well. They continue to do very well. It's -- Walmart, as an example, has been really helpful to us. Doug McMillon, the head of Walmart -- really helpful to us. And I guess -- I assume they're doing pretty well because people are certainly buying -- buying more than even a clip at Christmas, by substantial numbers. Pretty amazing. But they're doing incredibly. They put on tremendous extra staff. You don't have empty shelves. A lot of things have happened that are very good. Restaurants, fast food executives, grocery stores, all retailers -- literally, all of them -- in groups. And we spoke with the G7 leaders at length, as you know. You probably know about that. Spoke to many of the governors. Spoke almost all of the governors at conference calls and many of the governors individually. And, very importantly, the religious leaders. We had a great conversation yesterday -- the Vice President and myself -- with the religious leaders of -- of our country. Many of the religious leaders. And we've had a number of them, during the course of the last two weeks, actually. But yesterday, we had a very, very significant call with the religious leaders of our country. I signed legislation providing American workers with paid sick leave and paid family medical leave at no cost to employers and free testing for those who need it. The testing is going very well and the Admiral will speak to that, along with Tony. We're working quickly to pass additional legislation that will provide massive relief to small businesses and affected industries and give direct payments to our great workers and hardworking American families. There's never been anything like we're doing on the Hill right now. They're negotiating -- Mitch McConnell, Chuck Schumer. They're all up there -- Kevin McCarthy and Nancy Pelosi. They're all negotiating and everybody is working hard and they want to get to a solution that's the right solution. I think we're getting very close. We've also announced that we've moved Tax Day from April 15 to July 15, which is a big deal, giving businesses and individuals extra time to file and pay without interest or penalty. So we've moved the date way back. And so it'll be July 15, instead of your traditional April 15. And, very importantly, you will have a lot of time, but you're not going to have interest penalties or any kind of penalties by filing at that later date. HUD announced that foreclosures and evictions are suspended for single-family homeowners with FHA-insured mortgages for the next 60 days. And our great head of HUD, who's with us today, Ben Carson, is going to say a few words in a moment. The Department of Education will not enforce standardized testing -- which is another big deal -- requirements for students in elementary through high school for the current school year. Not fair to do that, so we are waiving that. I would imagine it's probably the first time ever that has been waived, but I think it's only fair to the students and to the parents of the students. It is also waiving interest and other things that we're discussing right now on federally held student loans and directed that borrowers be allowed to suspend their student loan payments without penalty for at least 60 days. And we'll be talking about student loans; going to help the students. They're under a great burden right now, so we will be talking about that further. But we're -- we're waiving, during this 60-day period, various elements -- very important elements -- on student loans. Big subject. I signed an executive order invoking the Defense Production Act, as you all know, giving us powerful new authorities to help states, cities, and hospitals procure needed supplies. There's been a clear call to action to the private sector, and the call is made right here. It's been really pretty amazing what's happened with the private sector -- they are really in sixth gear, I think -- which has responded in full force, helping to produce and supply much-needed masks, swabs, sanitizers, ventilators, and everything else. There's a move on that's incredible right now. And, by way of example, Hanes -- everybody knows Hanes; great company, great consumer cotton products company -- is retrofitting its manufacturing capabilities in large sections of their plants to produce masks. And they're in that process right now. And, at my direction, the FDA is taking rapid steps to make these items available for medical use right now. Most excitingly to me is what the FDA has done in order to get, possibly, a very successful number -- it's not just one or two -- number of therapeutics: medicines that can help -- help people that are already sick, help people not get sick. And, obviously, you know about the vaccine. And Tony will discuss that a little bit later, but the vaccine is moving along. But this is something that, right now -- for right now, this is what we really -- it's incredible. And what the FDA has done and Dr. Stephen Hahn, who is highly respected -- came as a -- just a highly respected man. He's been fantastic. He's only been here for a couple of months and he's -- he's gotten thrown into the swim of it and he's really standing up. But the FDA has really moved mountains. I said it this morning: They've moved mountains to get approvals on things that -- that maybe work. We'll find out very soon. It won't take long. An example of the Pernod Ricard, which is -- this is really an example where we're repurposing alcohol. They went out and repurposed their alcohol production capabilities in Arkansas, Kentucky, Texas, and West Virginia to make hand sanitizer. That's a big difference. And they've been unbelievable. They really -- Pernod Ricard. Their first delivery will be on Tuesday. It's going to go to various states. They're going to start, I think, in New York and they're going to work their way around. They're making a tremendous amount of hand sanitizer -- at a very high level too, by the way. We've activated the National Response Coordination Center to Level 1. That's your highest level. This is the nerve center of all of our government response to crisis and it's coordinating very closely with our nation's governors. Our nation's governors -- many of you were at the call yesterday with the governors and I think you can see the relationship. And we've had numerous calls with governors, by the way, but the relationships are pretty amazing. They like -- they're loving what we're doing and the coordination between the federal government and the governors, states, and even local has been pretty incredible. FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor, who is with us, will soon be providing you with an update on the Center's operations. And FEMA has been incredible. We got them involved last week -- very much involved -- and now they're involved nationwide. We've dramatically expanded telehealth so Americans can see a doctor without leaving home -- something which more and more people are using and now they're really using it. And now the ones that are using it are loving it. And I think we're going to change the way our country functions, medically and probably in other ways, because of what's going on right now. This will reduce the chance of infection and preserve hospital capacity. So it solves a lot of problems. Every American has a role to play in defending our nation from this invisible, horrible enemy. It really is -- it's an invisible enemy. And we will be successful -- very successful -- hopefully very much sooner than people would even think. So we say, "Stay at home and save lives." This is a time of shared national sacrifice, but it's also a time to treasure our loved ones and to take stock of what is most important: our faith, our families, our neighbors, and our great country. And I want to thank all of the incredible people of our country, the citizens of our country that -- what you've done and the way you're responding has just been very special -- something that we will never forget, that the history books will never forget. And we're going to have a great victory. We're going to be celebrating a great victory in the not-too-distant future. And I just want to thank everybody. And now I'll introduce our Vice President, Mike Pence, who's led the Task Force. And I will tell you this: He has not slept much. Maybe a tiny bit, maybe a little bit, but not much. And he's done an incredible job. Mike, thank you. Please. The American people are coming together. They're responding with common sense, compassion, and generosity. People are heeding the advice of state and local authorities, and tens of millions of Americans are putting into practice the "15 Days to Slow the Spread." We are -- we are officially, Mr. President, 6 days into our 15 days. As the President said, we've been -- we've almost been overwhelmed at the outpouring of support from American businesses. The President spoke yesterday to thousands of small businesses. We spoke to manufacturers yesterday. And, in fact, as President indicated, the FDA, in record time, just approved one manufacturer that will be producing millions of surgical masks in a matter of weeks for the American people. One thing the President and I promised was to remind people that on the weekends that you're not in the pews, it's still a good -- it's still a good idea to -- if you can, to go ahead and make that donation. Because all the ministries are continuing to play a vital role in our communities and we encourage your continued support. State-run drive-throughs are expanding across the country. And, as you will hear detailed this morning, now more than 195,000 Americans and more who have been symptomatic have been tested. That number does not include county hospitals or healthcare labs around the nation, some 15,000 in number. And among the number of the more than 195,000 that have been tested, it's important to remember that only 19,343, at this moment, have tested positive for the coronavirus. In a moment, Pete Gaynor will detail the efforts at FEMA. Since the President's National Emergency Declaration, we have FEMA in the lead; stood up the National Response Coordination Center; as the President said; and we are working closely, literally hour by hour, through FEMA, processing requests from states most impacted, like New York, Washington State, and California, and we'll continue to work very, very closely with those states through their very traditional means of federal emergency management at FEMA. Secretary Carson will describe decisive actions the President alluded to, to bring foreclosure relief to Americans. In fact, I'm pleased to report to the President today that HHS just placed a -- an order for hundreds of millions of N-95 masks that will be being made available to healthcare providers across the country. On behalf of the President, we do renew our call for Americans to postpone elective medical procedures, including dental services. They're making progress, by all accounts, on a bipartisan bill. They worked late into the night last night and started early this morning, and we are working to pass that legislation on Monday in both the House and the Senate. Now, on a personal note, many of you may have been made aware that a member of my staff has tested positive for the coronavirus. And while the White House doctor has indicated that he has no reason to believe that I was exposed and no need to be tested, given the unique position that I have as Vice President and as the leader of the White House Coronavirus Task Force, both I and my wife will be tested for the coronavirus later this afternoon. Every American can do their part to slow the spread. And we encourage you each to continue to do that. As the President says often: Remember we're all in this together. And also remember that, for most Americans, the risk of serious illness from the coronavirus remains low. The reason we want to put into practice the President's coronavirus guidelines is because no American would want to inadvertently expose someone who is vulnerable -- a senior with a serious underlying health condition -- to the coronavirus with a potential threat. And her strength and her enthusiasm is truly an inspiration to the nation. As the President said many times, we're going to get through this and come out stronger than ever before. And we'll get through this as Americans, together. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. Admiral, please. Now we're transitioning into the mainstream of American testing with many of the companies that the President invited in the Rose Garden just a week ago. So, currently, 91 public health laboratories, state public health laboratories are up and running in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico. It does not account for the well over 10,000 -- 15,000 hospital-based labs, many of which are doing testing, for whom we will get data this week to give you an overall rollup. As you can see, over 195,000 people in America have completed their testing. That means tests plus results. This does not count the people whose tests are in process. Now, I do want to make it clear that, although testing is becoming more available, and Dr. Fauci will definitely emphasize this more, there are priorities for testing. And clearly, everyone across the country should understand that those hospitalized or in an ICU are our priority for testing: Symptomatic health care workers, for obvious reasons, we want to make sure that they -- their health is preserved and that they are not going to spread to those who may be seriously ill; symptomatic people in long-term care facilities: As the Vice President has highlighted and we've said many times, elderly in our society have a much higher mortality rate, much higher serious complication rate; Symptomatic individuals over 65: Symptomatic individuals who have underlying conditions, like chronic heart disease or liver disease or other types of chronic diseases; Patients in public health investigations. I know they're popular now because there's now an acronym, which I'm sure the Vice President doesn't appreciate: CBTS or CBT sites. We talked about these earlier in the week and I wanted to emphasize, again, that these are state-managed and locally executed. The federal government is there to provide support, know how, blueprints on how to do this, but these are really springing up at dozens and dozens of sites all over the country, adapted to the local needs. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much, Admiral. Dr. Fauci, please. So, for example, when you talk about the kinds of mitigation issues that we have put forth and have emphasized, just as I mentioned the other day, there are two dynamic forces that are going on at the same time. You're having the natural course of an outbreak, trying to peak at a high level. And then you have the mitigation strategies, which are aimed at dampening that. Getting -- with regard to the disproportionate of the response, everyone -- it's right here. I'll get the -- open up the Vice President's book, with his permission. This is baseline for everyone -- in other words, throughout the country. But then there will be areas -- and you've heard them: Washington State, California, New York City -- in which the dynamics of the outbreak are clearly different and much more robust, if you want to use that word. But I want to emphasize one thing that Admiral Giroir mentioned -- is that not every single person in the United States needs to get tested. He gave you the priorities; I don't want to repeat them. But let me tell you one of the unintended consequences of individuals who don't need to get tested that flood the desire to get tested. But currently today, we want to make sure that the people who are taking care of people with coronavirus disease do not endanger themselves because they don't have the personal protective equipment. And then finally, one last thing -- it was just mentioned. The Surgeon General has been pushing this: Please put off, cancel elective medical and surgical procedures. Thank you, Tony, very much. Please. As of yesterday, 50 states, the District of Columbia, 5 territories, and 1 tribe are working directly with FEMA under the nationwide emergency declaration for COVID-19. In just 24 hours, we've obligated $100 million to states, territories and tribes. A little bit about supplies: It is of the utmost importance that requests for assistance, especially for critical supplies, get routed through proper channels as soon as possible. If you buy medical supplies from foreign sources, it is reimbursable. "Buy America" does not apply to the Stafford Act, except for Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. If you can't buy it on the open market, make a request to the FEMA system. Requests for assistance at the local and county level should first go to states -- from states to the regional FEMA offices, and then from those offices right here in D.C., where the National Response Coordination Center is open and running. Like all emergency responses, it's most successful when it is locally executed, state-managed, and federally supported. We can't say that enough. On Thursday, our federal partners fully integrated with our National Coordination -- Response Coordination Center. And, additionally, all 10 FEMA regions across the country have been activated. Thank you very much, Pete. Appreciate it. Ben, please. And that is the reason that the President has authorized the immediate cessation of foreclosure and eviction proceedings for American citizens, single-family forward mortgages, as well as reverse mortgages. And, as you know, FHFA has also decided to do the same thing for 60 days, and the CFPB is very happy with all of this as well. What does happen automatically is that we cover all 8.5 million people, in terms of the moratorium on foreclosures and evictions. We want also for the PHAs to protected. HUD does not have authority to mandate that evictions can't occur, but we are in contact with all the PHAs across the country, and are petitioning Congress for the power to be able to actually enforce that. And additionally, we've extended the deadlines for healthcare and multifamily financial reporting requirements. And that's for over 20,000 multifamily and healthcare borrowers until April the 30th. And that provides them with a lot more flexibility to deal with the issues that they're dealing with. I also want to thank our FHA Commissioner Brian Montgomery; as well as the FHFA Director, Mark Calabria; and Kathy Kraninger, the Director of the CFPB, who've all worked tirelessly with us to make this happen. And, as was mentioned by the President, there's been a sense of unity that we haven't seen for a long time in this country, and let's hope and pray that that unity lasts far beyond this crisis. Okay. Ben, thank you very much. A few questions, please. The second question, sir: You've heard from the Vice President that he's going to be tested. Are you -- have you taken a test since last Saturday? I know you told us -- I just took one. I feel great. I feel great. I hope I look good. I feel great. Those people are going to be -- [Crosstalk] I took one test. Okay. So for those people that have lost their job already or they are worried that they're about to lose it tomorrow, what do you want them to do right now? Well, what they do right now is keep receiving their paycheck, and hopefully their companies are going to be in a very strong position. We want to keep everything together because we think we're going to have a tremendous bounce back. Now, some people agree with that very strongly. Some of our top economists, they think we're going to have a very -- once we solve the problem of -- that we're working on -- the medical problem. So we want them to keep their jobs, stay where you are, and we'll see what happens. Now, if they don't, we have unemployment, we have checks, we have a lot of things happening, a lot of very positive things. Nobody has ever done -- now, this is working with Democrats; this is Republicans and Democrats and myself working together. Nobody has ever done a package like this. It's a great package, but ideally, we want them to be able to keep their jobs, keep the pay coming, and I think that's going to happen. Kelly, go ahead. Good. Right. Because we have so many companies making so many products -- every product that you mentioned, plus ventilators and everything else. We have car companies -- without having to use the act. If I don't have to use -- specifically, we have the act to use, in case we need it. But we have so many things being made right now by so many -- they've just stepped up. In fact, Mike Pence and I were discussing it before. We've never seen anything like it where they are volunteering. "We want to make masks. We want to…" Like Hanes or -- I brought that up as an example. General Motors, I bring that up as another. Ford. They're going -- they're going to go on the open market. We want them on the open market from a -- the standpoint of pricing. Because otherwise, it's going to be -- we could be very unfairly treated. We are directing states -- and sometimes we'll be competing against states, which I don't want, and we'll drop out of the bidding. We want the states to go first. And, you know, what we're doing is we're helping states. That's what we want to do. Same thing with the testing. We're helping states. We're helping states get to where they want, and we've made tremendous progress in every aspect of it. It's happening fast -- Well, it's happening fast right now, and the governors are out there trying to get -- and if they are competing with us, we immediately drop out. Please. My people are and I'll be staying here. I'll be in the Oval Office and various other places in the White House. Right. Okay. So I've spoken with -- I'm not going to say who I speak with, but I've spoken with, directly or indirectly, everybody -- many, many times. We're doing very well. I think the Democrats and the Republicans are going to come up with a package that's going to be really something very special. It's going to help people. This is the first time there's ever been a case where you want people not to work. It's always -- you know, you want to create incentive to work. We're creating not an incentive not to work, but the fact is we're asking people not to work because of -- we have -- they have to stay away from each other. If we're going to kill this horrible, hidden enemy, we have to stay away. So there's never been a thing like this in the history of the world. And other nations are doing similar things -- some effectively, some not effectively. They're doing similar things. We are creating a package that's going to keep companies together, keep workers paid, so they can live and sustain. We'll see what the timing is. The biggest thing we can do is get rid of the problem. The problem is exactly what we know: the medical problem. We want to have this whole, incredible situation that it can start right away -- not that all these companies break up, all the workers are out of jobs, you can't put it back together, and it would take years to put them back together. Because we had the greatest economy in the history of the world until we got hit by this problem. And we can be back very, very quickly and it's our intention to be back very, very quickly. So we're doing a package, the likes of which nobody has ever done before. I'm obviously the one that has to approve the different things and the recommendations of the different things. And -- like buybacks, as an example, and stock buybacks. I didn't like it the first time and this time I'm saying, "You're not doing it. I don't want money to be used for that." I want money to be used for workers and for opening businesses, keeping businesses open, not buybacks. And -- Well, I -- I would -- I am strongly recommending a buyback exclusion. You cannot buy back your stock. You can't take a billion dollars of the money and just buy back your stock and increase the value. Please. Mike, go ahead. Yeah. HHS is completing half-a-billion-dollar order of N-95 masks. And all of this has been coordinated through FEMA. And we're -- we are responding specifically to state requests, where the needs arrive. As Dr. Fauci said, we want to make sure that people that are providing healthcare services to people who may have contracted coronavirus have the protection to keep themselves and their families healthy. But they didn't have the liability protection because they weren't created for hospitals. We worked with leaders in both parties. We added that protection that runs through 2024, that now the industrial N-95 masks can be purchased by hospitals, purchased by states, purchased by HHS, and distributed through our system. We are still hearing from doctors and nurses about the shortage. When exactly can they expect to receive these masks though? Yes, sir. So, within the National Coordination Center, we have a supply chain task force. And, in basic sense, we're trying to identify the universe of what's out there, so whether we hold it at the federal level, we hold it in the private sector, and then match that up with demand and asking people to be creative, we're asking -- again, this is a shared responsibility. When will the masks start coming in? That's what you'd -- Yeah, that's what I'd like to know: When will they [Inaudible]? He's worse than I am. [Laughter] It's -- they can expect them today, or they're matching supply and demand? And we have a lot of them that have already come in. A lot have already come in. I have to tell you, the throwing away of the mask -- being in private business, the throwing away of the mask right away -- they're thrown away. And when you hear 55 million masks were ordered, I'm saying, "55 million? How could it possibly be such a number?" And they say, "Oh, that's just a small fraction of what we need." And I said, "Why aren't we sanitizing masks?" You know, you look at the masks -- I've looked at all the different masks. Some don't lend themselves to doing that, I think, but many do. And I said, "Why aren't we…" -- we have very good liquids for doing this, sanitizing the masks. And that's something they're -- they're starting to do more and more. They're sanitizing the masks. And I don't know if anybody would like to speak to that. You might want to just -- Do you think there's a solution to this other than buying more masks? Do healthcare providers need to change how they're using them? So, if you could do a self-administered test, stick it in a vial, hand it over, you don't need a mask; you don't need PPE. That's one of the things we're trying to do. I would have liked that much better, personally. Yeah. Go ahead, Mike. Yesterday. That story is literally happening all over the country. And now, with more Americans stepping away from elective surgery, including elective dental care, we're urging dentists around America to look at their supplies of N-95 masks and make those available to our hospitals. And -- but the great news is, as the President said: The American people are all doing this now. Mr. President, I just want to read you some of what some of the doctors on the frontlines of this crisis are saying. Doctor -- You mean the ones that are saying good things or bad things? I know you're talking now about increasing production at so many of these facilities to get the masks out. But given that this is one of the wealthiest, most powerful countries in the world, should this even be happening? Shouldn't this have been resolved weeks ago? Well, I'll tell you the way I look at it. So, many administrations preceded me. For the most part, they did very little, in terms of what you're talking about. This is unprecedented. You can speak to Tony; you could speak to anybody. This is unprecedented or just about unprecedented. As time goes by, we're seeing it's really at a level that nobody would've believed. Nobody would've thought possible that this could happen. And we are making much of this stuff now. And much of it's being delivered now. We've also gotten tremendous reviews from a lot of people that can't believe how fast it's coming. I mean, when I hear they have an order of 55 million masks -- and that's just one order; that's one order out of many -- and that there are many millions of masks beyond that that are ready -- and I keep saying, "How is it possible to use so much?" But that's the way it is. And part of that is because they'll use a mask for a short period of time and they throw it. The fact is that we are doing a tremendous amount. We started with very few masks. We had some, but nothing for an event like this. And now we're making tens of millions of masks and other things. And I think it's unprecedented what we've done and what we're doing. And many doctors -- and I've read many, many doctors, they can't believe the great job that we've done. Yes. Kelly, did you have one? Well, if you remember -- -- I was the one that closed the country down. I was the one that closed the -- you don't write that or you don't say it too much, certainly on CNN. But I just read an article yesterday -- I just read an article yesterday that, by closing the country down so early -- we were very early -- we saved tens of thousands -- and much more than that -- lives. So you know, you might want to report that, too. CDC guidelines has had that. The President has talked about it, but I also want to say, we are making product, as the President said, but we are also responding through the FEMA system to distribute the Strategic National Stockpile resources according to requests that come in. Stockpile has been distributed to many states -- first order, second orders, and on a daily basis adjudicating that. Are you seeing that happening? Are you seeing those hospitals talking about the shortages, asking the federal government -- It really works very, very well. And then there's the distribution of the stockpile. Now, the stockpile isn't infinite, that's why it's being replaced by all the orders. But masks, supplies go out on a daily basis, as they are needed and requested through the FEMA system. And, I don't know, Administrator Gaynor, whether you want to add to that. Tony, would you like to say something about that? But what you just heard about the different avenues -- some of which aren't even recognized -- about how you can get help through the FEMA process, in addition to the large amounts of additional PPE that's coming into the system, we hope that very, very, very soon, we're not going to get those kinds of real-life difficulties. Sooner. Sooner. It's sooner than weeks. And, again, what we're doing is we're trying to help the states get things faster. And that's what we're doing: We're implementing. And the magnitude of this -- it's a tragedy. It's an absolute tragedy. But the magnitude is something that, no matter who you were, no matter where you come from, nobody ever thought a thing like this could happen. You read about 1917 and you read about certain things, but you think, in a modern age, a thing like that could never happen. Well, it comes back. It is genius. It comes back. And it's too bad. But I think the people working on this have been incredible. The job they've done has really been incredible. But there's tremendous amounts of -- not only masks -- of ventilators and respirators and everything you can think of. It's all being -- much of it and almost, I could say, all of it is being manufactured right now. Steve, please. Well, I don't know that -- "resolved." I can say that it's going to be distributed. I know New York is getting, I think, 10,000 units, and numerous other people. It's really -- it could be the malaria drug plus the Z-Pak. But -- and we're going to find out. We're going to find out. I feel -- look, I feel, as the expression goes, "What do we have to lose?" Because, you know, I feel very -- I feel very good about it. Tony would feel, you know, like -- he'd like samples done in a certain way. And I understand that too. Many doctors agree with that. We don't have much time. You know, we have a lot of very sick people right now in hospitals all over the place. And speaking with the Governor of New York -- Cuomo -- I said, "How does it look?" He's got a lot of sick people. So we're going to be delivering a lot of samples to New York and other places, and we're going to find out very shortly whether or not it's going to work. I feel very confident. I mean, I've seen things that surprise me, frankly. There are -- as Tony said, there are other things we're looking at too. Vaccine, of course, is incredible, but this is more immediate. Right now, this, to me, would be the greatest thing that could happen. This would be a gift from Heaven. This would be a gift from God if it works. So we're going to pray to God that it does work. It'd be a fantastic thing. Yeah, please. In the back. My businesses? Sure. Well, I wouldn't say you're thriving when you decide to close down your hotels and your businesses. No, I would say -- but, you know, I'm very under-levered and everything, so that's good. But is it hurting my -- yeah. It's hurting me and it's hurting Hilton and it's hurting all of the great hotel chains all over the world. It's hurting everybody. I mean, there are very few businesses that are doing well. Now, there are some that are. Like, as an example, the Walmarts of the world, because everybody's lined up to get things and stock up their house, and this and that. But sure, it hurts my business. But -- No, I didn't speak to anybody. I speak to my sons, but -- I talk about the coronavirus, but not as it pertains to my business. They basically follow the rules; when they say close them down, in New York, we close them down or wherever they may be. I have them -- I actually have them all over the world. And when they say -- And when they say, "Close them down," we close them down. What, Kelly? Well, I have nothing planned at Mar-a-Lago. But, right now, I think Mar-a-Lago, I guess -- I haven't even asked, but I imagine that's closed down, just like a lot of other businesses in Florida. Go ahead. Go ahead, please. I don't know. I mean, I just don't know what the government assistance would be for what I have. I have hotels. Everybody knew I had hotels when I got elected. They knew I was a successful person when I got elected. So it's one of those things. I guess I get paid $450,000 a year; I give it up. I put it back into the nation. I usually -- I have to -- by the way, you have to designate where you want it, so I oftentimes give it to opioid research and things. But, as far as the hotels and everything, I mean, I have to do what everyone else is doing. I would probably decide to close things up. I think it's a good thing nation- -- you don't want people getting together. And hotels and clubs and everything, you get together. We want to beat this deal. So I have many of them -- hotels, clubs, things like that -- where people get together. I would think it would be a good practice to close them up. Yeah, go ahead, please. Yeah. Well, I do it. I do it. I have temperature tests and I don't -- I didn't ask everybody here, but I wouldn't be surprised if they had temperature tests. Otherwise, I'm going to run off the stage. Oh, I think they are, pretty much. The easiest thing is the temperature. I think they are. I don't know. Are you learning a lot from the temperature test, Tony? Could you maybe discuss that for a second? I took his temperature twice, actually. Right. And I say -- I've seen things -- when Tony mentions thermometers, they aim something at your forehead, they stay this far away, boom, and they tell you what your temperature is. I said, "I've never seen that before." I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. It's incredible. Go ahead, in the back -- the back corner. Back corner. Well, I love whoever you're with. That's -- because I think that's such a nice -- it's such a nice question. No, I think the Washington Post covers us very inaccurately, covers me very inaccurately. I saw the story. I think it's a disgrace. But it's the Washington Post and I guess we have to live with it. It's a very -- It's a very inaccurate -- quiet, quiet. It's a very inaccurate story. From many people, I get a lot of credit for having closed our country very early to a very heavily infected country: China. Unfortunately, China. I wish China would have told us more about what was going on in China, long prior to us reading about it, even though the news isn't exactly disseminated. As you know, China kicked the Washington Post out of China and they kicked the New York Times out of China and I guess the Wall Street Journal. That's okay. I mean, that's what they do and I think it's a terrible thing they did. But I also think it's terrible when people write inaccurately about you. And they write inaccurately about me every single day, every single hour. And, by the way, your group really -- I really think -- and I just say "fair," not "good" or "bad" -- I think you write very fairly and do very fair reports about the great job that all of us are doing that this group behind me is doing. It's so insulting when they write phony stories that they know are fake news. Because they're not insulting me; they're insulting everybody -- these incredible people that have worked so hard, so long, that are thinking about nothing other than this invisible enemy. They have done such an incredible job and they will continue, and we're going to win, and there'll be a lot of celebration when we win And we're going to win with as few lives lost as possible. That's the game: Win with as few lives lost as possible. It's a tough enemy. It's a tough killer. Far bigger, far more vicious than ever before. But I appreciate you saying it because the fact that we closed so early to China -- and most people -- hey, look, I was called "xenophobic" by Sleepy Joe Biden. I was called a "racist" by Democrats. A racist. I was a racist because I decided that I didn't want to have people that could hurt our country come in. And I was pretty much in a very small group of people -- I will tell you, it was a tiny little group -- most people, even that worked in the White House, disagreed with me very strongly. Saving those many weeks was a tremendous -- a tremendous thing. And when they keep talking about acting early, that was the ultimate act. That was the biggest act, because we didn't -- and then I also called Europe early. Very early. And I took a lot of heat for that too, but that was a good thing. Now they're doing similar things that we're doing. So, I didn't act late; I acted early. I acted far before anybody thought I should be. I took tremendous criticism from the various papers, from many of the papers. So I -- I very much appreciate the question. It might have been -- it might have been more of a statement than a question. But whatever it may have been, I appreciate it very much. Yes. No, no. They can do what they want to do. If California can get a mask sooner than we can get it for them, through all of the things we're able to do -- but we're going to end up with a big oversupply at some point. You know, at some point, this is going away. And we're going to end up with a big oversupply. And you know what? In this case, that's going to be okay. But if California -- if Gavin can go out and order gowns faster, or masks -- good masks -- faster, or other things faster, that's good. We do have a lot of -- I mean, the coordination with the ships that we're sending in, as you know -- the medical ships that we're sending in and even cruise liners -- we're going to be sending in, probably, cruise liners into some areas -- in particular, California, and in particular, New York. But if somebody can do something faster, if they can order that mask faster than us, I want them to be able to do it. We coordinate very much with them, yes. Well, it doesn't have to be at this moment, because we have places in the country where, you know -- states where they have two people or three people and those people are in quarantine. And you can't put on them what you're putting in New York, where you do have a tremendous problem. I mean, we have large portions of the country -- Middle America -- where, you know, they have a few people. So, it may be a time -- I hope that never happens, where we need to take very drastic action. But, right now, that's not in the same ballpark. Yeah. Go ahead, please. Yes. Yeah. I think they are. And some people are not. But I think they are. I think it's going to have a very profound effect. I mean, we'll know a little bit more on day 14 and 15. We'll see. Well, we're going to see. We have to see what the result is. We want to flatten that out and we're going to see what the result is. And, I just want to say: I'm going to negotiate a very large transaction and I've been negotiating it for two days. So I'm going to take one or two more questions and then I'm going to leave it to Vice President Pence. On the Hill. With the Hill. The various -- the various elements of the package. Steve, go ahead. No, I haven't. I -- look, we understand the difficulty of that. And he's a very good friend of mine. You talk a -- you take a look at Shinzo Abe. He's a great gentleman. He loves his country. We have an incredible relationship. We just finished a trade deal with them -- a $40 billion trade deal with Japan. And Prime Minister Abe has a big decision to make. You know, they have built one of the most beautiful venues I've ever seen. They were all ready to go. It's not late. It's not over budget. It's not -- it was just done flawlessly, and it's beautiful. And they're sitting back and saying, you know -- I have -- I told him, I said, "That's your decision." And it is his decision and I know he's going to make it soon, I don't know what it's going to be, and I didn't think I should be influencing it at all. I mean, the job that Japan has done on that venue is incredible. So, I mean, there are options, obviously, including delay and maybe delay for next year, but that's totally up to them. We'll see what they do. Well, you know, when I learned, I started doing the closings. So, you know, probably around that time. We didn't learn much. I think you're going to ask a little bit about China responsibility. I do think that -- again, I have great respect for China. I like China. I think the people of China are incredible. I have a tremendous relationship with President Xi. I wish they could have told us earlier about what was going on inside. We didn't know about it until it started coming out publicly, but I wish they could have told us earlier about it because we could have come up with a solution. Tony Fauci and all of the people -- the talent that we have -- would have loved to have had three or four months of additional time, if you knew what this was going to be happening. They didn't have that time. They read about in the newspapers like everybody else. China was very secretive, okay? Very, very secretive. And that's unfortunate. With that, I have great respect for that country. I have great respect for the leader of that country and like him. He's a friend of mine. But I wish they were able to -- I wish they would have told us earlier, Steve, that they were having a problem. Because they were having a big problem and they knew it, and I wish they could have given us an advanced warning. Because we could have done -- we could have had a lot of things -- as an example, some of the things that we're talking about, where we order them as quickly as we can. If we had a two- or three-month difference in time, it would have been much better. Yeah, please. Yeah. Yeah. So, why then, on January 24, did you tweet that "China has been working very hard to contain the coronavirus," that "the United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well." Because it's true. Because it's true. China has worked very hard. China has lost thousands and thousands of people. No, they weren't transparent. They were transparent at that time, but when we saw what happened, they could have been transparent much earlier than they were. Right. But China -- just so you understand, China is not a beneficiary here. China has thousands and thousands of people. China has gone through hell over this. They've gone through hell. And I've had conversations with President Xi. I just wish they could have told us earlier. They knew they had a problem earlier. I wish they could have said that. Thank you. Well, I'm going to leave that up to Dr. Fauci and everybody else. And I think the answer is: We want to share them. I would imagine we want to share the numbers as -- Admiral, do you want to discuss that? Not "billion." No. Not billion. Yes. [Laughs] I said, "Wait a minute." Well, there's never been numbers like this. You know, a ventilator is a machine. It's a very complex machine. And to think that we have to order hundreds of thousands -- nobody has ever heard of a thing like this. You know, when we had, in the stockpile -- we had thousands in a stockpile. Thousands, ready to go. That's a lot. All of a sudden, you need hundreds of thousands. And you're not talking about -- you know, the mask is whether it's plastic or whether it's material; that's one thing. But you're talking about a very sophisticated, heavily computerized machine -- and delicate. And you need hundreds of thousands of them. Nobody has ever heard of a thing like that. With that being said, General Motors, Ford, so many companies -- I had three calls yesterday directly. Without having to institute -- like, "You will do this" -- these companies are making them right now. But to think of these numbers, it's pretty -- it's pretty mindboggling. Well -- Mike, go ahead, please. But it's important to remember that that doesn't include the more than 100,000 ventilators that are in healthcare facilities and hospitals around America today. It doesn't include what will be produced as -- as the President said, we're seeing companies step forward. These manufacturers tell us that a ventilator actually isn't a very complicated piece of equipment and many of them are literally surging forward to create more ventilators. We've confirmed that a particular screen in that device can be changed readily. We're working with the FDA to approve that. But, again, this is a -- it's a great testament of the American people and our healthcare professionals that are stepping forward and bringing ideas forward that literally, as we'll document Monday, will increase the supply of ventilators by tens of thousands. You said, eight days ago, that we would have 1.4 million tests on board by the end of this week, by today. Do we have that? Can you give us the number that we have? So, I'm going to answer your question and then try to -- try to persuade you to stop asking about a specific number. Okay? So, from March 2nd to March 14th, we have put over 10 million laboratory tests into the US commercial market, and we expect that, by March 28th, to be well over 27 million into the market. Admiral, we're using your numbers, trying to find out for the public, if the things you've promised are happening. And are the masks that are in the strategic reserve being deployed, Mr. Vice President? So, it's not 13,000 anymore; it would be a lower number. Would that be fair to say? No, the ventilators. The -- I'm sorry, the respirators. Thank you. We're trying to understand if the things we have been told, sitting through these briefings for many days, are happening and getting into the hands of the healthcare providers. You understand it. You understand it. You're an intelligent woman, Kelly. You understand exactly what he's saying. And what he's is rather incredible because we -- we inherited an obsolete, broken system. And when you hear the number of tests that we'll be providing --and are now -- it's incredible. And I've heard a lot of governors say the same thing. We took over an obsolete, broken testing system that wouldn't have worked for even a small problem, let alone one of the biggest pandemics in history. And what these gentlemen have done is incredible. I am going now to negotiate a great deal for our workers and our citizens. I'll be back tomorrow. We're probably doing this tomorrow. And, if I might, I'd like to ask Vice President Pence to take over. And thank you all very much. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you all. How about back here? When will they be going? And can you assure Americans who are stranded in foreign countries that they will be able to get home? They'll go through additional screening. That's all been implemented and is working in an orderly way at a number of airports around the country. But there are instances -- Morocco being among them -- where there simply are not flights to get home. Our State Department has been working very closely with our embassies in those relevant countries. But our Task Force received a briefing this morning, and we would just encourage any American that's looking on from overseas: Contact the local U.S. Embassy, let them know about your circumstances, and know that we're going to work -- continue to work very diligently to get our Americans home. Yes. Well, I think it's a terrific question. And we will bring Secretary Betsy DeVos here tomorrow or on Monday to address our efforts. The objective here was: As people are embracing the President's "15 Days to Slow the Spread," we have decisions by local school boards and local and state officials that have canceled school or suspended school for a time. And it's -- and it's a very good point on your part. Since he's not here, I can't ask him what he meant. But I'm wondering if Dr. Fauci or the Admiral could clarify if you have any sense of what he was talking about and whether his seventy-four and a half million Twitter followers should be taking medical advice from him or from someone else. We actually think -- Dr. Fauci, I think there is some sense that -- that our great pharmaceutical companies may actually be producing therapeutics that'll give relief to Americans struggling with coronavirus as soon as this spring. We also challenged them to work together as rapidly as possible to develop a vaccine going forward. But, as the President said at this podium, there is some anecdotal evidence that several existing medicines may have brought relief to patients struggling in China and in Europe. And the President has tasked the FDA to work very rapidly to allow what's called "off-label use" for those. One is a malaria medicine. That's called an "off-label use." But the other piece is, as Dr. Fauci said and I'll yield to him, in deploying those medicines, we're working specifically with one state to do so in a way that represents a clinical trial. So, it's not -- it would not just be compassionate use, which medicines are already being used for in some jurisdictions today, but also that we could study it and determine the viability of it. And, in fact, we're working -- we're working diligently right now with that supply chain to make sure that those medicines are available. Sure. You know, it's essentially what I -- what I said multiple times from this podium, is that when you have -- first of all, we're trying to develop de novo drugs that are not yet out there, not that -- not approved -- that ultimately would be effective. And the way you prove that is to do a randomized control trial to prove safety and efficacy. So the only thing that I was saying is that if you really want to definitively know if something works, that you've got to do the kind of trial that you get the good information. The President is talking about hope for people. And it's not an unreasonable thing: to hope for people. So when you have approved drugs that physicians have the option and a decision between the physician and the patient -- are you going to use a drug that someone says, from an anecdotal standpoint, not completely proven, but might have some effect? Those two things are really not incompatible, when you think about that, particularly when you're in an arena where you don't have anything that's proven. We went through the same sort of thing with a little bit of a different twist during the HIV/AIDS epidemic until we finally developed drugs that were absolutely knockout drugs that were safe and that were effective. Great. Let me just say, if I may, let me just say, I hope this morning has been informative. We will be back again tomorrow. And I hope the American people are encouraged. Because of the incredible, whole-of-government approach, because of our collaboration with the states, you're seeing testing expanded all across the country. But let me just say again what every American can do today. And that is, first and foremost, heed your state and local authorities. There are individual states -- California, Washington State, and, at this moment, especially New York -- that have issued guidance to their citizens. And as the President said, we wholly support the leadership that those governors are providing in their states. But because the coronavirus is, we think, three times more contagious than the flu, to slow the spread, to literally lower that curve and spare Americans around our country with being exposed to or contracting the coronavirus or worse, every single one of us can put these principles into practice. I recommend that you go to Coronavirus.gov. 