Well, thank you very much. We're meeting with the top executives of the health insurance companies, the biggest companies in our country -- probably the biggest companies in our country, probably the biggest companies in the world. I can't imagine being much bigger. But these are the great -- the great health insurance companies. And I think tremendous progress is being made. They're willing to do things for the people and their customers and probably, in a true sense, beyond their customers that normally I don't think they'd be doing. And so I want to thank them, and I'll ask Vice President Pence to maybe give us a little update as to where we are. Last week, at this table, the President met with pharmaceutical leaders, we met with nursing home leaders, leaders of commercial labs, airline industries. We're bringing all of the businesses of the country to bear to protect the health of the American people. But today, Mr. President, you directed us to bring together insurance companies -- health insurance companies -- that cover, through private insurance and through their support of Medicare and Medicaid, almost 240 million Americans. These private insurance carriers have extended that as well. They've also agreed to cover telemedicine so that anyone, particularly among the vulnerable senior population, would not feel it necessary to go to a hospital or go to their doctor. They'll know that telemedicine is covered. These CEOs have also agreed to no surprise billing. They are covered through Medicare and Medicaid. And there will be no surprise billing. And finally, Mr. President, as you directed us yesterday, we -- we produced helpful information for every American family: how they can keep their home, their school, their business, their establishment safer from the spread of the coronavirus. And, particularly, these companies are going to help us get information to seniors with underlying health conditions who really represent the most vulnerable population to serious outcomes. And I know I speak on behalf of the President when I say how grateful we are for the collaborative spirit, the generosity, and the partnership represented by the great companies at this table. It's true. Very true. And we are working very closely with the cruise line industry and -- very, very closely. They're taking very strong steps in terms of people going on and going off. But they’re spending a lot of money and they are working very hard. And we're work -- we're going to be helping that industry. Likewise, with the airline industry, they're taking very, very strong steps for people coming into our country, even getting off the planes. So we are working very closely with them. We're helping them. They’re two great industries, and we'll be helping them through this patch. And, so far, I think it's been going very well. You know all about the big ship that came in yesterday. And that's going along incredibly well. We’re working with the state of California successfully -- very successfully -- and also with Canada and with the UK. So, the UK is taking their people, their citizens back, and Canada is about 600 people; they're coming back. They're being met and brought to planes and being brought very, very -- in a very, very dignified fashion back into Canada. So we appreciate all of the help we've had in that. And that's working out very well. With that, I might just ask a couple of folks, if you'd like to make a statement on behalf of the industry, perhaps we’ll -- would you like to make a statement on behalf of the industry? And as the President said, I think it's really important for all of our customers, our members, and the American people to have this. So we are very supportive of the -- Thank you, Gail. Great job you’re doing. Thank you very much. Anybody else? Would anybody else like to make a statement? Even the ones over here. You’re going to turn your head? [Laughter] Look at those cameras. Yes. Right. Very good. Thank you very much. Please. That’s great. Thank you. Thank you all. Please. Right. And a lot of people now are taking advantage of that -- really, strong advantage. Who else would you suggest? Dave? Please. Right. Okay, thank you. And, Governor? Pete Ricketts. Nebraska, everybody. Nice to see you, by the way. Thank you. Right. Great. Thanks. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Yeah. I am. About 12:30. 