Well, thank you very much. And we are having a meeting -- a very important meeting -- with the, I would say, the greatest bankers in the world, the most important banks in the world, financial centers, and having a good discussion. We're discussing the economy. We're discussing how it relates to jobs and all of the things that are happening right now with the virus that we've become so familiar with. I'll be making some decisions. I've already made some decisions actually today, but I'll be making some other ones that are very important. And I thought I'd let the press in to hear some of the wisdom from the folks in the room. And, maybe, Brian, I'll start with you. And Brian is the chairman and he's the man at the -- at Bank of America. Highly respected. Everybody in this room is at the highest level, highly respected. Brian, please. But more importantly, we're doing what we do best, which is helping our teammates, importantly, but also our clients and our small-business customers and our medium-sized business customers to continue to have access to credit. All of us are providing relief to any customer that has an issue of being out of work for the virus. Auto loans are growing. Mortgage loans are obviously very strong. But the real key is, we're well capitalized. We're here to help small businesses, medium-sized businesses, the core American economy run, and to help our consumer clients really weather the storm in case they're directly affected by this. I think as part of that, Mr. President, I think it's important to recognize a few things: One is, building off what Brian said, this is not a financial crisis. And the banks and the financial system are in sound shape -- It's true. Clearly, corona is front of mind for everybody, not just here in the U.S. And I think the market is going through a period of trying to get price discovery and I think, also, trying to figure what is the intermediate- and longer-term health of the economy. And I think what we saw is we saw some fears on the back of those and some talk about potential recession on the back of those. There's been some strains along the way, but I think it's held up well and it's been -- it's been orderly. And, as Brian said, from the banking perspective, we're here to help. We want to provide liquidity. We want to lend to our small businesses. We want to be supporting our consumer clients. Well, thank you very much, Michael. That's true. And I think, prior to the coronavirus, it was -- it was just all go, and the numbers were fantastic. And we don't even know what the numbers are now. We'll have to see. The numbers from a week ago were great and from two days ago were great, but now we're hitting a patch. And we're going to have to do something with respect to getting this -- getting rid of this virus as quickly as possible and as safely as possible. Our number one -- our number one priority is the health of the people of our country. And so we'll be making, most likely, a statement. I'll be making a statement later on tonight as to what I've decided to do and what our country will be doing. Charlie, please. I think we're all encouraging any of our customers or clients who are having any issues to make sure that they talk to us. We're all developing programs to ensure that, as they and employees and their customers go through the situation, that we're there to be a source of strength, whether it's to help them through issues with their fees, payments, or to be there to lend. That's what we do. That's great. I'm glad you're saying that. That's great. Because there may be some of that, frankly, more so than you've been used to for the last three years. Right? It could happen. David? All businesses are very, very focused on their people and taking care of their people. As part of the banking system, we're looking to help businesses -- large, small -- individuals any way we can, and are making the same steps and taking the same steps that these other institutions have spoken about. And so, we'll get through this, but it's going to require some navigation on the part of all of us, and we're focused on doing our part. I think we're going to get through it very well. And we'll be doing a lot of additional work with small business, as you know. We're going to be adding many billions of dollars, and we're going to be making lots of small-business loans, and the banks are too. So we'll be -- do you have anything to say about that? And they also have the opportunity to extend some of the payment terms up to six months. Right. Yesterday, as you know, we met with the insurance companies -- the top companies, the top people in the top companies, like yourselves -- and they were very generous. And you know what they did with co-pays and everything else. They're going all out. So we appreciated that very much. Steve? Do you have anything to say? Steve? Steve Schwarzman. [Laughter] But it's going to need the support of the banking community. It's going to need the support of the ability to be tested. And if we can do that, this has a natural ending, which most people, you know, lose sight of. And there'll be vaccines developed. That'll take, you know, a year to a year and a quarter, but there may be other things in the meanwhile. Yeah, they've made very good -- yeah, they've made very good progress, Steve, at CDC and different places that are dealing with the problem. They've made really tremendous -- tremendous strides. So we'll be announcing that also. Okay? Thank you very much. Anybody else have anything to say? Ken? Anybody? Anybody? Thank you. Right. The interest rate changes that we've seen both in the Fed and in the bond markets create an unprecedented opportunity for Americans to refinance their mortgages -- True. Great job you've done too. Please. And how is -- how is Jamie doing? Say hello to him. All right? I hear he's doing fine. Good. We'll be there to waive fees for consumers and small businesses who are under stress. And I think a very -- your fair question is: "Are we still lending?" And over the course of the last 40 days at JPMorgan, we've extended 26 billion dollars' worth of loans to both consumers and small businesses. That's great. And interestingly, in the data we also see the pullback is much more about -- from the older generation, my age -- than it is from the millennial generation. So, millennial generation spend seems to be holding up very well. I think there will be a pent-up demand when this is gone. I think that everything that maybe was tamped down now -- people aren't leaving their homes -- -- I think you're going to see a tremendous pent-up demand, which hopefully won't be in the too-distant future. Please. Great, Richard. Thank you. Thank you very much. Anybody else? Anybody? Please. Right. Great. Thank you. That's what banks do, is stick by their customers in good times and in challenging times. And that's what all the banks in the United States are doing today. Right. That's great. Thank you very much. And thank you all. Yes, please. Yes. Right. Thank you very much, Kelly. Great. Thank you very much. So I'll be making a statement tonight, probably at 8 o'clock, and we'll be starting some additional solutions. We made a great decision on China and Asia, and they're healing and they're healing at a pretty good rate. Happy about that. And we could start to think about getting back involved in that part of the world. And, as you know, we have another part of the world -- Europe -- that's in very tough shape. It's having a hard time right now with the virus. And we'll be making various decisions. You'll be hearing about them at approximately 8 o'clock tonight. Steve? Well, I'll be -- I'll be letting you know that a little bit later. We'll be talking about that later. All those things we're making a decision on. I think they're going to be great. I think the folks around this table are the ones that finance them. And they understand. And they're great companies, but we're having to fix a problem that, four weeks ago, nobody ever thought would be a problem. Nobody -- you read about them. You read about them from 1917 and you read about them from lots of other times. But nobody thought that we would seeing -- we were just discussing that. This came out of nowhere. And it actually came out of China, which is the way it works. But we are going to get the problem solved. The country is so strong. The institutions are so strong. You know, in the past, you had problems with institutions. These are powerful institutions. They're built up. They're ready to go. And I know they'll be helping their customers during this short-term period. We think it's going to be a short-term period. I don't mind that. I mean, it's actually a very good question. I was going to ask it myself. You've been hearing about the various forms, Brian, of stimulus -- different -- very different form of stimulus. What would you say would be good -- appropriate under these circumstances? Because if we keep the broad group of American people with cash flow and money to buy goods and do things, the economy will be strong and those individuals will have other people we should take care of. There's no question. In all our companies, if anybody who is out for this virus is getting paid for as long it takes, or anybody that has high risk, they're all taken care of. So I'd focus first on that level. That solves all the problems. That's right. But if we take care of those things, this thing will crack pretty quickly. If we get rid of the problem quickly, everything solves itself. We don't need stimulus. So that'd be good. But we are talking about various forms of stimulus. What would you think, Michael? Right. So I think working with the banks in this room and well beyond the SBA to be able to put programs in place around forbearance, to be able to potentially up the limits in terms of lending in these programs. And, again, I think there are things that have been used before effectively, and I think we can do it again. Great. Thank you very much. Ken, go ahead. How do we think about where are necessary direct fiscal support to the individuals in our economy who are least secure in their employment? If you work for IBM, life is going to be fine. If you work for Goldman Sachs, life is going to be fine. And if you are a part-time or gig worker, this is a moment of real trial, and this is where fiscal accommodation can be quite powerful. Right. I agree with that 100 percent. Anybody? Anybody? Kelly? And so here's a chance maybe to do something to help the short run and the long term. I think so. I think the payroll tax would be great. Democrats are not in favor of it. I'm trying to figure out why, because it would be something that would be very good for the -- the citizens, for the people, and even in longer term for the country. So that's a tax that people have long been talking about either cutting or getting rid of entirely. So, Steve, what do you have? So there'll be various proposals. He'll be rolling out quickly on that front. And we're also working with Congress on a bipartisan basis to be able to immediately help small- and medium-sized businesses as well. Okay. Thank you very much. That's CNN. Fake news. Go ahead. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you. Eight o'clock tonight. Eight o'clock tonight. You'll be notified very shortly, but around here. Within -- within 50 feet. Both. 